Once upon a time as a merchant set off for market, he asked each of his three daughters what she would like as a present on his return. The first daughter wanted a brocade dress, the second a pearl necklace, but the third, whose name was Beauty, the youngest, prettiest and sweetest of them all, said to her father: "All I'd like is a rose you've picked specially for me!"

When the merchant had finished his business, he set off for home. However, a sudden storm blew up, and his horse could hardly make headway in the howling gale. Cold and weary, the merchant had lost all hope of reaching an inn when he suddenly noticed a bright light shining in the middle of a wood. As he drew near, he saw that it was a castle, bathed in light.

"I hope I'll find shelter there for the night," he said to himself. When he reached the door, he saw it was open, but though he shouted, nobody came to greet him. Plucking up courage, he went inside, still calling out to attract attention. On a table in the main hall, a splendid dinner lay already served. The merchant lingered, still shouting for the owner of the castle. But no one came, and so the starving merchant sat down to a hearty meal.

Overcome by curiosity, he ventured upstairs, where the corridor led into magnificent rooms and halls. A fire crackled in the first room and a soft bed looked very inviting. It was now late, and the merchant could not resist. He lay down on the bed and fell fast asleep. When he woke next morning, an unknown hand had placed a mug of steaming coffee and some fruit by his bedside.

The merchant had breakfast and after tidying himself up, went downstairs to thank his generous host. But, as on the evening before, there was nobody in sight. Shaking his head in wonder at the strangeness of it all, he went towards the garden where he had left his horse, tethered to a tree. Suddenly, a large rose bush caught his eye.

Remembering his promise to Beauty, he bent down to pick a rose. Instantly, out of the rose garden, sprang a horrible beast, wearing splendid clothes. Two bloodshot eyes, gleaming angrily, glared at him and a deep, terrifying voice growled: "Ungrateful man! I gave you shelter, you ate at my table and slept in my own bed, but now all the thanks I get is the theft of my favorite flowers! I shall put you to death for this slight!" Trembling with fear, the merchant fell on his knees before the Beast.

"Forgive me! Forgive me! Don't kill me! I'll do anything you say! The rose wasn't for me, it was for my daughter Beauty. I promised to bring her back a rose from my journey!" The Beast dropped the paw it had clamped on the unhappy merchant.

"I shall spare your life, but on one condition, that you bring me your daughter!" The terror-stricken merchant, faced with certain death if he did not obey, promised that he would do so. When he reached home in tears, his three daughters ran to greet him. After he had told them of his dreadful adventure, Beauty put his mind at rest immediately.

"Dear father, I'd do anything for you! Don't worry, you'll be able to keep your promise and save your life! Take me to the castle. I'll stay there in your place!" The merchant hugged his daughter.

"I never did doubt your love for me. For the moment I can only thank you for saving my life." So Beauty was led to the castle. The Beast, however, had quite an unexpected greeting for the girl. Instead of menacing doom as it had done with her father, it was surprisingly pleasant.

In the beginning, Beauty was frightened of the Beast, and shuddered at the sight of it. Then she found that, in spite of the monster's awful head, her horror of it was gradually fading as time went by. She had one of the finest rooms in the Castle, and sat for hours, embroidering in front of the fire. And the Beast would sit, for hours on end, only a short distance away, silently gazing at her. Then it started to say a few kind words, till in the end, Beauty was amazed to discover that she was actually enjoying its conversation. The days passed, and Beauty and the Beast became good friends. Then one day, the Beast asked the girl to be his wife.

Taken by surprise, Beauty did not know what to say. Marry such an ugly monster? She would rather die! But she did not want to hurt the feelings of one who, after all, had been kind to her. And she remembered too that she owed it her own life as well as her father's.

"I really can't say yes," she began shakily. "I'd so much like to..." The Beast interrupted her with an abrupt gesture.

"I quite understand! And I'm not offended by your refusal!" Life went on as usual, and nothing further was said. One day, the Beast presented Beauty with a magnificent magic mirror. When Beauty peeped into it, she could see her family, far away.

"You won't feel so lonely now," were the words that accompanied the gift. Beauty stared for hours at her distant family. Then she began to feel worried. One day, the Beast found her weeping beside the magic mirror.

"What's wrong?" he asked, kindly as always.

"My father is gravely ill and close to dying! Oh, how I wish I could see him again, before it's too late!" But the Beast only shook its head.

"No! You will never leave this castle!" And off it stalked in a rage. However, a little later, it returned and spoke solemnly to the girl.

"If you swear that you will return here in seven days time, I'll let you go and visit your father!" Beauty threw herself at the Beast's feet in delight.

"I swear! I swear I will! How kind you are! You've made a loving daughter so happy!" In reality, the merchant had fallen ill from a broken heart at knowing his daughter was being kept prisoner. When he embraced her again, he was soon on the road to recovery. Beauty stayed beside him for hours on end, describing her life at the Castle, and explaining that the Beast was really good and kind. The days flashed past, and at last the merchant was able to leave his bed. He was completely well again. Beauty was happy at last. However, she had failed to notice that seven days had gone by.

Then one night she woke from a terrible nightmare. She had dreamt that the Beast was dying and calling for her, twisting in agony.

"Come back! Come back to me!" it was pleading. The solemn promise she had made drove her to leave home immediately.

"Hurry! Hurry, good horse!" she said, whipping her steed onwards towards the castle, afraid that she might arrive too late. She rushed up the stairs, calling, but there was no reply. Her heart in her mouth, Beauty ran into the garden and there crouched the Beast, its eyes shut, as though dead. Beauty threw herself at it and hugged it tightly.

"Don't die! Don't die! I'll marry you . . ." At these words, a miracle took place. The Beast's ugly snout turned magically into the face of a handsome young man.

"How I've been longing for this moment!" he said. "I was suffering in silence, and couldn't tell my frightful secret. An evil witch turned me into a monster and only the love of a maiden willing to accept me as I was, could transform me back into my real self. My dearest! I'll be so happy if you'll marry me."

The wedding took place shortly after and, from that day on, the young Prince would have nothing but roses in his gardens. And that's why, to this day, the castle is known as the Castle of the Rose.

<\tphyldoc>

Only dimly aware that the rain had stopped, that she could almost taste the magic falling from the air in its place, that nothing was as it had been only moments before, all Belle could see was a tall and handsome stranger standing in place of the Beast she had been ready to give everything for.
"Belle," the man was saying, looking nearly as astonished as she felt. "It's me!" he cried, advancing on her and clasping her hands. It was impossible to believe, and Belle didn't fool herself into thinking she understood anything  that was happening, but somewhere within her she found the courage to let her heart speak. And, looking into those perfectly blue eyes, she knew what her heart thought.
"It is you," she said, blinking back tears. Whether they were tears of extreme joy or extreme shock, she did not know. But the stranger was staring into her own eyes, pulling her toward him as though in a trance, and she was touching him back, then kissing him back, and never had anything felt more wonderful.
All around Belle, the castle was completing an amazing transformation into a veritable palace, complete with messenger angels for buttresses. The very landscape around the castle was changing - no longer the dark forest that had haunted her nightmares, there was now a magnificent countryside brimming with beauty. But these changes barely registered, until he broke off the kiss and all the servants came rushing up. Not, however, the servants Belle knew, but strange people beaming and grinning at her.
For a few moments, the stranger abandoned her for them, embracing them, celebrating with them, beaming with them, until he turned back to Belle, clasped her waist in exuberance, and swung her around in a full circle before bringing her back down to give her another kiss.
She was the one to break off that one, smiling in half-delight, half-bewilderment. She stumbled back a few paces, leaned back against the wall, put her hand over her heart, and tried to catch her breath. "I don't understand," she said simply.
"Belle," the stranger said, hands out as if to appeal to her. "It's all been a terrible curse, a horrible enchantment - you've set us free."
Belle shook her head, still unable to believe it. "I- how?" she stuttered.
"Ah, mademoiselle!" cried the new Lumi re, also advancing a few paces towards her. "Ze curse could only be broken by love! And what a love," he added with a chuckle, still grinning at her.
The handsome stranger chuckled and draped a friendly arm across Lumi re's shoulders. "Belle, you've given us all a new life." His expression grew serious and he left his servant to step forward once more and take her hands. "You truly are our savior."
Belle just shook her head, helplessly confused. She had thought the one she loved was dead, and with him, her very heart and soul. She had thought there was nothing left to live for, but to die on top of her love, both of them unjustly killed. And now, it seemed he was  dead, but not in the fashion she had believed... Seeing she would not be satisfied with anything less than a full explanation, the stranger lead her to the bench where he sat her down and attempted to explain, from the beginning, the story of the beautiful enchantress. "Ten years ago, an old beggar women came to this castle, asking-" "Ten years ago!" Belle cried. "But how old are you?" At that, the stranger spluttered, looked lost, and was unable to come up with an answer. He turned to his servants for help, who all looked as consternated as he. "What year is it?" he finally asked. "1787, I believe," responded Belle, concerned.
He raised an eyebrow. "How odd - it was only one year ago that the woman came to this castle! But yet it feels like ten." The servants nodded in agreement. "The curse must have manipulated the time to linger here longer than in the outside world. I was 20 when she came, so I must be 21 now..." he trailed off, staring at the forest around the castle. "Anyway," he continued, "it has been a very long time. This old woman came to the castle, and I turned her away. She cursed the entire castle and everyone in it, to remain deformed until I learned to love, and earn someone's love in return..."
"That's awful," Belle said frankly, reaching out a hand to stroke his face. "It sounds like a horribly cruel punishment just for turning someone away."
"Tell me about eet," replied Lumi re, holding up an arm and blowing on it before realizing that there was no longer a wick on the end of it. Cogsworth snickered at that behind his back, and Lumi re turned to him, an indignant comment on the tip of his tongue.
The handsome stranger forestalled any fight that might have been coming. He laid his hand on top of Belle's, which was resting on his cheek. "It doesn't matter now," he said. "I'd do it all over again if it meant finding you."
Belle blushed prettily, and leaned against him to bury her face in his chest. She rested there for a few seconds, then looked up at him again in wonder. "So this is who you really are..." "Well, perhaps," he admitted. "I'm still not entirely sure who I am, myself."
"But who  are  you?" Belle asked, still feeling slightly dazed. "Where did you come from, how did you get to be here? You seem like a stranger to me now."
He shrugged. "My father sent me down here many years ago, ostensibly to govern the southern provinces, but really just to get me out of the way while he concentrated on ordering the rest of the country exactly according to his whims. I believe he has died now, and my brother governs. My family has all largely ignored me, which suits me fine."
Belle's jaw dropped. "Governs? He is a king?"
The stranger, seeming less strange by the minute, looked down at her and nodded. She attempted to hide her astonishment. So the Beast was really a Prince in disguise! She could not believe it; she may have found her own Prince Charming after all. But then, "I'm nobody - an inventor's daughter from a poor provincial town. Surely you don't want anything to do with me..."
He laughed and clasped her hands, holding them tight against him. "Belle, you have saved me. I love you."
Belle felt tears forming in her eyes again. "I love you too," she said shyly, setting off another round of hugs and celebrations among the servants standing in front of them. "And to think I always wondered if love really did exist."
He nodded sympathetically. "I used to feel the same way."
Belle suddenly laughed at herself. "The only man who even pretended to love me was a boorish, arrogant cad. I thought that was what most men were like..."
The Prince frowned. "That madman who attacked me, you mean?"
Belle nodded. "He was sure I would want to marry him, and threatened all manner of things against me and my father if I wouldn't - but oh!" she cried suddenly. "What happened to him? He is a bit mad, but surely he doesn't deserve to die for that."
He frowned some more. "After stabbing me and almost killing me?"
Belle smiled at him distractedly and stood up. "But you're all right! I have to go see if I can find him."
He shook his head, but he was smiling again. "You're too kind for your own good, Belle." He made as if to stand up, but clutched his side and fell back down. Belle, fearing the worst, panicked and flung herself down on the ground next to him in order to look at his side. The wound Gaston had made was still gaping - not enough to kill him, but certainly enough to cause pain. "You're still hurt! You ought to be laying down..."
Mrs. Potts gently bent down and helped Belle to stand up again. "We'll take care of it, my dear, you go look for your young friend." Flustered, Belle started to protest, but Mrs. Potts would hear none of it, and firmly guided Belle out from the balcony. She twisted around to look at the Prince one last time, and although he still looked pained, he managed a brilliant smile for her. Elated, feeling as though she were walking on air, she flew out of the castle and started to look for likely spots where Gaston might have fallen.
A few villagers, some grievously hurt, were lingering around outside, and she directed a few servants, who looked as if they needed something to do, to help them. Compassionate, still feeling pity for Gaston after all he did, Belle finally found LeFou lugging what appeared to be his carcass back in the direction of town.
"LeFou!" she cried out, and he turned towards her, panting and looking ridiculously small under Gaston's bulk. Belle's hand flew to her mouth and she cried, "Is he dead?"
LeFou cast the body onto the ground and shrugged. "Gosh I don't know, how-how can you tell?"
Belle cast an exasperated glance towards him and then bent down to look at the body. To her relief, he was still breathing. It had been a long fall, but he was incredibly healthy and well-built, and hadn't taken the landing too badly. She scolded LeFou for his thickheaded-ness and insensitivity, and sent him running back to the castle for help. He came back with a few well-meaning but clumsy villagers, but they had at least the good sense to bring Philippe with them. Belle loaded Gaston onto the back of her horse, and lead them all back up to the castle, where she deposited Gaston in the care of some servants. Most of the townspeople were sent home with only a few bumps and bruises, and her father followed them on Philippe with Belle's promise to come see him soon, after she decided what she was doing here.
With most of the servants busy with their master in his wing, the rest of the castle was then deserted after the villagers cleared out. Belle lingered at the entrance, looking at the Great Hallway, recalling her first time here - how scared she was, but how determined to find her father - and the last time she rushed through it, mindless with fear for the Beast.
The Beast! So what was she to do, really? She had been prepared to - well, she wasn't entirely sure what, but prepared to give up her life to save the Beast. And now, this beast had transformed into the handsome prince of every girl's dream, resplendent from his perfect fingers to his perfect love for her. She always longed for adventure, but what did adventure mean, exactly? Traveling to far-off places or meeting impossible, fairy-tale princes? Saving the life of a prince or finding the love of one's life? Although she was certain she loved the Beast - the Prince, she corrected herself - she was not so certain that would translate into unconditional happiness.
Belle spent the next few days helping the servants put the castle into pristine order, tending to the Prince - which more often consisted of making him stay in bed than actually doing anything constructive - and trying not to think about the future. All too soon, however, the Prince was up and walking again, and she remembered her promise to return to see her father.
One evening, as they sat out on his balcony again, in each other's arms, he addressed her. "You've seemed very distant, Belle. Are you - happy here?" It was a question she had asked before, and she was no longer so forthcoming with the same answer.
"I don't know," she said slowly. "I haven't really been able to think about it. I love you - with all of my heart - but-" He interrupted her with a kiss, which she gladly returned. After a while, he said softly, "Belle, I would like you to marry me."
She gasped, although it should not have been that unexpected. "Marry you! But - I don't even know your name."
He smiled ruefully. "I'm not sure it matters anymore, I haven't used it in so long. It's Vincent, but it doesn't matter what you call me - Beast, Prince, anything."
She sighed, and looked out at the forest, toward the distant village. "I promised my father I would go back and see him. Would you give me a week to make up my mind?"
He smiled, and stroked her hair. "Of course, cherie. Anything you wish. Would you..." he hesitated, and she returned his smile. "Would you do me the honor of accompanying me at a ball in a week's time - even if your answer is no?"
Belle's smile widened. "I would love to," she answered, delighted.
Belle returned in one of the castle's carriages, accompanied by Gaston. She was no longer afraid of him, and she knew if he tried anything, the coachman would dispose of him promptly. He knew that too, and his behavior was reasonably civil throughout the ride.
Reasonably civil - or completely cold. He was stiff and silent for most of the ride, finally, when they had almost arrived at the town, knitting his brows together and gritting out, "Thank you for saving my life, Belle."
Surprised, she turned her attention from the window on to him. "It was nothing, Gaston," she said with a kind smile. "I hope you can forgive me for insulting you?"
He didn't look too happy about it, but he nodded. "Of course," was his curt reply. He shot a sideways glance at her again; it was clear he was not over her beauty. But hopefully he had learned that outside beauty meant nothing, was worth nothing. It was what was inside that truly counted.
Back at the village, Belle lived with her Papa in their little house, tended their gardens and animals, encouraged him to start on new inventions, visited the village to trade produce and look for new books, and was polite to every villager, all of whom still stared at her every time she went by. Several times, she caught herself repeating old strains of songs in her head: "Little town, Full of little people... I want so much more than they've got planned."
After three days of this had passed, she woke up one morning admitting to herself that she missed the Beast terribly, that she loved him more than anything else in this life, and that she would never be happy without him. Having made her decision, she went about her chores and errands that morning with a happier song on her lips and a sparkle in her eye. She might miss this village, but it would always be here to visit again if she needed it. On the fourth day, she spoke of the upcoming ball to every villager - even though some still thought her crazy, most were thrilled, and soon the ball was the talk of the town. Everywhere Belle went, she heard excited gossip about who was going and what they were going to wear and what they were going to say to whom when they got there and why. Rolling her eyes, but no longer really bothered by it, she laughed and went about her business.
She spent the sixth day in a state of agitation, fretting over everything from the chickens she would leave behind at the house to whether the Prince truly loved her or merely felt some sort of obligation towards her for breaking the spell. Her father eventually noticed, and accosted her on the subject.
"Belle! You're so distracted. What is wrong, my dear?"
A long sigh escaped her lips, and she leaned against the fence and stared out over the fields. "I love him, Papa. More than I can say."
He beamed. "He certainly seems a nice enough fellow. He will make you happy."
"You really think so!" she exclaimed. "But he-"
"He loves you, Belle. Not for your looks, or your intelligence, or your charm... but for you. And that's good enough for a girl of mine."
Belle smiled back at him, relieved to hear that he thought that way. "Thank you, Papa. No matter what happens... I will always love you, too."
Maurice beamed back and patted her hand absent-mindedly, before wandering off to tinker with his latest contraption. Belle smiled at his back fondly; he was eccentric and a bit of a sot, but he was dear to her and that would never change.
The day of the ball finally arrived, and Belle set off at the head of a procession of villagers wearing their finest, men and women both, all delighted to be invited to this gala at the beautiful palace. Those who had never seen it were eager to, and those who had been there before were looking forward to being received hospitably, for a change. Belle was nervous and squirming inside, but her worries were soon overcome by her hopes. She knew that life with the Beast - Prince - would not be a perfect fairy tale ending; but then, such an ending would probably be rather boring.
The Prince was waiting for her outside, looking more than a little nervous himself. Belle disembarked from the carriage and flew to him, shedding her clock to reveal her splendid yellow d colletage. He received her, beaming, and they embraced and kissed, to cheers from the villagers and servants. He offered her his arm, and led her confidently into the ballroom, which was airy and resplendent with beauty. Delighted only to be close to one another again, they entered the floor and soon lost themselves in the dance. Belle could never remember being this happy in her life.
"I've decided," she whispered gently in his ear during a turn in the dance. He almost froze and missed a step, but recovered with her guidance.
"Yes?" he asked nervously.
"Yes," she replied with her dazzling smile. Barely able to believe his ears, overjoyed, he grabbed her and whirled her off the ground with all his considerable strength. She smiled contently back at him and placed her arms around his neck, drawing him in close. They exchanged another kiss, looking lovingly into each other's eyes, hardly aware of yet another dispute between Lumi re and Cogsworth in the background. Belle dimly noted her father standing proudly next to Chip and Mrs. Potts, the chorus and music in the background celebrating their love.
Entirely lost in her Prince Charming, Belle felt certain she had made the right decision.

<\tphyldoc>

Belle took one last glance in the mirror, and smiled to herself. "You look wonderful, love!" Mrs. Potts exclaimed as she glanced over every inch of Belle's dress. Today was her wedding day. It was no surprise that everyone in the castle was excited for today. She had helped to break the spell. This was now common knowledge, and all the castle's inhabitants loved her even more as a result of that.
"Thank you." Elegant Belle said in response to Mrs. Potts comment. "I'm nervous." She laughed as she turned to face Mrs. Potts.
"I'm sure you are dear. And for tonight!" Mrs. Potts laughed a little chuckle. Belle turned a light pink. Just at that moment Cogsworth, ever running around and bossing people (for that's what they all were now) around, bursted through the door of Belle's room.
"It's time to go. We simply cannot have the Master waiting on his wedding day." Then he grabbed Belle's arm and led her to the top of the stairs. Their wedding was being held in the grand ballroom. Belle had wanted it this way. The ballroom had been a wonderful place for the two of them. Her father was to walk her down the staircase, just as she had herself, only two short days ago. Why it had only been one day since the castle was returned to its former splendor, and Belle had hardly got to see the Beast since. This separation, kept her in more anticipation. She was really ready to marry her true love.
Maurice took his daughter's arm and just as the music flared up they descended. After they had glided down the grand staircase, the Prince glanced at her. His piercing eyes glanced deep into hers. It took her breath away. Oh, how her heart bursted with love! They then turned towards the crowd, every servant, and most of the village had shown up.
The couple exchanged the traditional vows. When the ceremony was almost done, the Prince leaned into her and his lips met hers. The only other kiss they had ever shared was that wonderful night. Why that had been less than forty-eight hours ago! But how it seemed like forever to Belle. As they continued to share the passion of their second kiss, the ballroom exploded in a huge roar! The servants began to move about to prepare the wedding feast. Belle, didn't even notice. Oh, no, she was too caught up in her beloved.
Somehow the Prince and Belle had managed to get through the traditional feast and fellowship with friends and family, but neither could think of much besides each other. Before the feast was even near over, the Prince grabbed Belle's hand and led her away. The quietly ascended the back staircase when no one was looking. Belle stifled a giggle. "Oh Beast. I love you!" She exclaimed. They continued on, then she stopped in her tracks.
"Don't make me carry you Belle!" the Prince said. Then after glancing at her beautiful pained face, he asked with genuine concern, "Belle, honey, what's wrong?"
She looked into those eyes of his, "I don't even know your name." It was true. Before the enchantment had ended, she had called him "Beast". The servants called him "Master", and everyone else, "The Prince". Belle didn't know which name she should address her beloved.
"Oh, Belle. You really don't do you." He took his free hand, the one that was not gripping hers, and put it gently under her chin. He lifted his hand, in turn moving her stunning face up, and said, "You can call me what ever you like. You fell in love with the Beast. I'll love you no matter what you call me."
Belle shook her head. "No, I want your name. I'm your wife. Please beloved, what is it?"
"Christophe." Then he turned and started to continue towards their new room.
Belle found herself struggling to keep up with his strict pace. "Wait." He stopped. "I'll call you Chris. While Christophe is royal, and fit for you, the Prince, I like Chris. Yes, you're my Chris."
The Prince laughed. "If it suits you. Now Belle, we have wasted enough time here now. Let's go. I want to be with my Belle." She smiled and both ran.
The Prince threw open the door to their extravagant room. Belle was convinced that it was perfect. It was pale yellow and royal blue. This room was refurnished especially for the two newlyweds. Belle had picked the colors very quickly yesterday, because they reminded her of that special night. Tonight was also going to be a special night. They stepped inside and the two kissed again. Then Belle pulled away, she ran into the connecting bathroom. She had a surprise. She removed her sparkling white gown and prepared herself to see her husband. Meanwhile the Prince lit some candles, wanting everything to be perfect. It was the first time both of the would experience such a wonderful thing, and he wanted it to be perfect. Belle emerged. His breath was swept away for a change.


<\tphyldoc>

I have never known this area of France to be so bleak. The fog blurs everything beyond the castle gates so we can hardly see the remainder of the path here. The sense of being trapped, so much a part of our lives these past four years, has grown so that the children cry at night, the Master will not leave his room, and Lumiere and Cogsworth have stopped fighting. Lumiere even has stopped chasing after Babette, the maid who is now a feather duster. He says no one can feel romantic in this mess.
Any romance I found in the fog back home in England is absent in the current soup. All that I find in the gauzy white banks is old memories of times when Alfred and I lived in England, studying the fog from the safety and companionship of our fireplace. It's in this fog when I most miss my dear husband and my old home. France is a lovely country, but some things one simply misses terribly. I even miss the moors in winter!
 The children have all received their scrubbings tonight and have settled into their cupboard. I had best take Master Richard his dinner so that I can be nearby when the little ones' nightmares begin. We've all been afflicted so by nightmares since this fog came in, the children worst of all. I'm beginning to fear they'll never sleep. As their nanny (of sorts), I must be close by. Calling Babette and Adeline, the girl who has become a rolling serving tray, I push Cook's newest masterpiece to Adeline and start for the West Wing.
 Many of us have come to hate the West Wing, the most frightening part of the castle. I have a rather poor view of that enchantress for changing a place that was so beautiful into such a fearsome place. Adeline especially hates to come here, it scares her so badly, so Babette or I always are coming with her. Our voices echo very strangely in the grand hallways to the Prince's room. I've come to ignore it; it's not so different from the cathedrals in England. Babette dislikes it, but Adeline is always spooked by it and talks about ghosts the Enchantress sent to torment us. I would explain there are no ghosts, but leaving her to think about that keeps her from thinking on how she fears the Master.
We come to the gigantic doors to the prince's room. Adeline falls back behind Babette, who tucks herself behind me. As always, it is my job to knock and tell Richard his supper is here. Babette tends to shake when I call him Richard; Lumiere, Cogsworth, and I are the only ones to call the Master by name. The door opens a crack, revealing a pair of familiar blue eyes. I smile my most cheerful smile.
"Supper looks quite good today, my dear," I tell Richard. "Are you hungry?"
 He growls, making Adeline wheel back. Before I can scold him on his manners again, he grabs the tray from the girl's top shelf and shuts the door. Adeline races back for the dumbwaiter to the kitchen. Babette waits to go downstairs with me. She seems to feel uncomfortable with leaving me alone up there. We chatter about the dog's latest accident, about Cook's fit over the firewood, about how Lumiere is remarkably attractive even as a candelabra (although this last bit was from Babette alone). I make my excuses to leave and hurry back to the cupboard. Cogsworth is settled next to the door.
 "The children are fine, Mrs. Potts," Cogsworth reassures me. I nod my thanks. Cogsworth suddenly looks very uncomfortable. "Would you like some company for a time?" he asks me.
 "No, thank you, dear," I say. Cogsworth has never particularly liked children, but he can be very kind when he feels like it. He nods importantly to me, then hops off the counter and heads for the front hall. He's hardly left when Lumiere appears on the other side of the counter. He gives me one of his dashing smiles and settles next to the cupboard as well. Lumiere is quite good with children. He will be a good father some day, if he should ever settle down. He has joined me on my vigil these past few nights, allowing me to sleep without worrying about the children overmuch. I appreciate his help, but I do not wish to sleep tonight.
I said not only the children have had dreams recently. Mine have been lively, vivid ones since the fog rolled in. Some of these are more memory than dream. The dream of my last day with my dear Alfred, then finding him dead of a wolf attack, for one. I had pled with him not to go after the pack, but he had insisted it was his duty as a woodsman to the prince to deal with the wolves that preyed on the livestock and, once, a child from a nearby village. He had promised me he would come home safely. I wake up with tears in my eyes each time.
 Another is my memories of my boys. Not just Chip, although he appears in my dreams so often, playing with the dog and the other children, but I also see Richard as he was as a boy. He wasn't Richard then, but just Richie, a boy just as mischievous and sweet as any I ever met. I see him playing hide-and-seek with a very young Babette, recall his attempts at baking, remember how he tried to act so grown up the few times his parents would let him watch the court or attend a fancy dinner. Sometimes I see him and Chip of an age, laughing together in the best climbing tree in the gardens. This is impossible, as Richard is quite a bit older than Chip, but the rosy view keeps returning to haunt me.
There's only one dream I cannot stand at all, the one I see so often now as we grow closer to Richard's twenty-first birthday. In it I rush down the hall in the West Wing to the Master's room. The great door is open. I enter and see the Enchantress, just as she was that day four years ago. She looks at me coolly, beautiful in her regal green gown, then disappears. A dead rose is left where she stood. I cross to the bed, crushing the rose on the way. On the bed lie my two boys. Chip lies curled into an icy ball, white tear tracks down his cheeks and his mouth open just enough for me to see his chipped front tooth. Next to him lies Richie, our prince as he was when he was a gentle eight-year-old. He stretches out an arm as if reaching for something. His long gold-brown hair blends with Chip's pale blond. They are both stiff and dead.
 I resettle myself next to the cupboard. The children are quiet so far. Lumiere is fast asleep. Closing my eyes, I murmur a prayer.
"Good, kind God, Lord of all, do not let the Enchantress take my boys from me."

<\tphyldoc>

I watched his broad back as the Beast led me down the long corridors of the enchanted castle and felt only a little of my wariness lingering. For nearly three weeks now, Beast had been on his best behavior; ever since the incident with the wolves. We seemed to have come to an unspoken understanding after yelling at each other. No one had said anything, but I had the feeling no one had ever talked back to the master of the castle before. (With good reason, I had to admit. He was their...employer? Jailer? Master. It wasn't very smart to back-talk the person responsible for your welfare. Especially one with a temper.)
But for nineteen days now, the Beast and I had eaten dinner together every night and we were both trying to get to know one another...even if I was still more or less a captive here. Every day Beast did his best to keep his temper under control and be more of a gentleman when around me. And I was trying to keep  my  temper and be more understanding of him. After all, if this was an enchanted castle, everyone in it must be part of the enchantment, which includes him. I had no idea what the enchantment was - none of the servants were talking except for the confirmation of my suspicions that I manipulated out of Mr. Cogsworth - but it stood to reason that, given all of the smashed furniture and growling, the Beast was not the one who set the enchantment. He would probably be happier about the situation, and more smug (like Gaston) if he had been.
Still, I couldn't help my nervousness of being alone in his company. Usually Mrs. Potts, or Cogsworth, or Lumi re, or even little Chip was with me when I had to be in the same room with the Beast. I  knew  he wouldn't hurt me...but some of my apprehension lingered.
He finally stopped in front of a pair of huge doors at the end of the long hall. He reached his intimidating paws out to grasp hold of the door handles and prepared to open them - but hesitated. He turned around to face me with a strange, soft expression on his shaggy face. If I didn't know better- and how much did I really know about the Beast, really - I would have said that he was as nervous as I was.
"Belle," he started, "I have something to show you."
I felt my stomach tighten with apprehension and, yes, a little excitement. He was trusting me. My eyes flashed in surprise.
"But first you have to close your eyes," he continued.
I raised a skeptical eyebrow. What was he up to? I wasn't really worried, but he'd already proven that he could act incredibly immature when he was in a mood.
His face fell, as if he were anticipating rejection. "It's a surprise."
I took a breath and let it sigh out in a near laugh, hopefully letting him know that I wasn't rebuffing him. I closed my eyes dutifully and held out my hands to show that I was in his mercy. Strangely, I found that I trusted him, at least to some extent. I knew that he wasn't going to harm me. If that had been his plan, he wouldn't have gone through so much trouble.
After a moment I felt his long, padded fingers- for lack of a better term- enclose my hands. I was very suddenly, frighteningly reminded of how small I was next to him. My whole hands were wrapped up in just the ends of his paws. The slightly rough pad of his thumbs were cupped in my palms, filling it up entirely. They reminded me of cat paws. And while I didn't believe that he would purposely hurt me, but I realized he may accidentally without even knowing it. He was so large and very powerful. A flash of the room in the West Wing where the Beast obviously lived amongst the wreckage of his bouts of rage (and one ethereal red rose suspended in the air beneath a bell jar) blazed in my memory, and I bit the inside of my cheek to repress a shudder.
In the time it took for me to be frightened and then talk sense into myself, we had crossed into what felt like a large room. There was a coolness to the room that even the fire in a nearby hearth I could smell and hear that told me the room was too big to be well heated now that winter was here. And the room echoed faintly with my footsteps. (Beast, not wearing shoes, was much quieter as he walked.) Beast let go of my hands, stepped back, and I was left floating in the middle of my self-imposed darkness with no idea where I was. It was almost frightening, but a familiar smell filled my nose: leather, pasteboard, glue, ink, old paper, and dust. It was a smell I knew well, and I could feel the fear fading away, replaced by curiosity.
I heard the distinct rasp of curtains being drawn forcefully back an instant before sunlight streamed in and brightened the gloom behind my eyelids. I smiled a bit at the weak warmth that accompanied the light, listening as the Beast moved to yet another window and pulled back the curtains letting even more light flood in. "May I open them?" I asked when my curiosity finally couldn't be contained. He paused. "Alright," he murmured distractedly, "alright; now."
I opened my eyes slowly. Obviously he'd worked hard on whatever this big surprise was, and I wanted to give it as much significance as he deserved. And so, little by little, I blearily opened my eyes and was rewarded with the sweetest sight I'd ever seen. Hundreds and hundreds of books.
My mouth dropped wide open for a moment. I couldn't breathe as I took in the largest library I'd ever seen or dreamed of seeing. I had no idea there were this many books in the entire world! I struggled for a moment to find words, and all that came to mind at first was simply, "Oh!"
I started to turn in a circle so that I could see every wall, all of them covered with shelves, taking in the two stories worth of books, complete with winding ladders leading up to the highest shelves. There were couches and comfortable chairs placed next to windows. A huge desk was set up with books and paper and ink and quills. Smaller tables stood at attention - and given the nature of many of the objects I'd already met, that probably wasn't a metaphor - all around the room with one or two more books, or with scraps of paper and fabric ready to be used as bookmarks.
"I can't believe it!" I finally managed to exclaim. "I've never seen so many books in my whole life!"
"You like it?" Beast asked meekly, sidling closer.
I turned and met him in the middle as he stepped toward me, forgetting to be afraid of him. "It's wonderful," I told him honestly.
"It's yours," he said.
I didn't know what to say. This...gift... I had never had anything like it. Gifts of books, yes. But a library? A whole library... This was unbelievable. And, as he kept reminding me when I first arrived, the Beast was master here. He could do what he liked and apparently give away whatever he wanted to. To me. I had a library. He had just given me a library. I now had a library. It was mine. My library.
This time I was the one who reached out and took his hands, once again struck by how the warm, textured pads reminded me of cat paws.
"Oh, thank you so much," I finally managed to exhale. It wasn't enough. Not nearly enough for this. I dimly heard the doors that we had left wide open close, but I was too busy trying to think of a way to tell Beast how very grateful I was for this gift to wonder who was watching.
"Really, you...you don't have to do this," I said, trying to understand this huge gift. "I-I haven't done anything... I don't deserve this."
"Belle..." he started, then hesitated, looking so unsure. "It's a gift. Gift's don't have to be because of anything. They just are." He cleared his throat, beginning to look embarrassed. "Uh, and considering that's it's the first gift I've ever given, I'd be honored if you accepted it. Please?"
I couldn't think of a single thing to say to that, so I just nodded. We stood together, smiling softly. It wasn't the first time that I noticed Beast's eyes were blue - like springtime sky on a perfect day - but now, standing close enough that I could feel the warmth of his body in the chilly room the lone fire could not quite warm, I was struck again. Was it another part of the enchantment that allowed a Beast to walk and talk like a man? I couldn't tell, but I knew that something human blazed out from behind those beautiful eyes. And it sent a new nervousness and fear entirely unrelated to my earlier worries along my nerves when I realized it. I jerked back to myself, withdrawing my hands from his and stepped back. I took a deep breath and let it rattle out self-consciously.
"Well," I said, mostly to say something and fill the potentially awkward silence. "Where do I start?"
I turned a little away from Beast, and wandered toward one of the stairwells that led upwards, glancing to either side to browse the books around me along the way. Thankfully none of them jumped out and demanded I read them, as so many other supposedly inanimate objects were apt to do in the castle. I was almost used to it by now. Almost.
Just as I reached the top of the stairs one of the titles caught my attention and held it. "Thomas More!" I nearly shouted in my excitement, reaching to snatch the book up as if it might run away. "I haven't seen a copy of  Utopia  since we had to move..." I moved further down the shelf. "Oh!  The Tempest  by William Shakespeare! And  Romeo and Juliet , and  Othello Much Ado About Nothing
! I've always loved that one. Ah!  Le Morte d'Arthur ! Oh, and here's  The Faerie Queen , and  Canterbury Tales . This is clearly the English section."
I turned to look at him as he made his way up the stairs, grinning widely. He was much larger than I, and he seemed to be having more trouble maneuvering on the narrow iron stairs.
"Do you have any of the older classics? The Odyssey  and  The Iliad ? Oh, and Plato! And Virgil! And Ovid!" "I, um " Beast stammered, looking nervously at the books around him.
"It's all right," I laughed. "I'll find them eventually, I'm sure. Come on."
I went on and on down each shelf at eye level picking up book after book after book. My arms were soon full, and I was glad to find the Beast had followed me. "Here, you hold these."
He looked surprised when I thrust my load of books at him. He had only just enough time to bowl his arms so not to drop any before I moved away on my hunt. He kept following, a warm presence at my side as I continued down the row. In moments my arms were full again.
"One more, and then I'll stop, I promise," I turned to face the Beast as I swore, the grin never having left my face.
"You can take as many as you want," he said. "They're yours."
I laughed. "Yes, but I can only read so many at one time," I reminded him.
He smiled back. "That's true."
His bottom fangs were very noticeable when smiled, but strangely, the expression made them look like a boyish overbite, and it made them easier to ignore.
After finding a translation of  Beowulf    maybe a little tactless under the circumstances, but I like the story anyway - I took a second staircase back down to the fireplace. The cheerful blaze leapt up to greater height and warmth as I sat on the thick rug before it and deposited my armload on the floor. Candles lit on the mantle and on many of the tables. With an encouraging smile I motioned for Beast to do the same. After all of the books were on the carpet between the two of us I took a look at the pile. There were at least two dozen books.



<\tphyldoc>

"Oh," Gaston said laughing. "I would never dream of taking only one wife!" Emyle, Ouvette and Laure all sighed, smiling at him. "As a matter of fact," he continued, getting on one knee. "Ouvette, will you be my bride?"
"I'm Emyle," she said, brushing it off. "And yes!" He then turned to Laure and Ouvette. Each accepted, Emyle and Laure kissing him as Ouvette went so far as fondling.
"Now for Belle." He said, leaving the girls puppy faced. Gaston laughed. "Don't worry, I won't forget you. Ouvette, because you're my main bride you get to marry me first." She squealed. "Oh!" Ouvette cried. "The dress!"
"Shut up, Ouvette, we have weddings to plan too. Don't get excited, he just wants you first." Blabbed Laure. "Laure!" cried Emyle. "Gaston will punish you well if you speak that way!"
"Yes I will," Gaston purred, slapping Laure lightly on her backside. She and Emyle blushed. "And thank you for being such a good little wife." He told Emyle, stroking her hip. Ouvette pouted.
"I thought I was the main bride!" she cried. "And my hubbie left me so soon?" she dabbed her dry eyes.
"I'd never forget you . Honey." He said, almost forgetting which one she was.
"What about my dress?" she wailed. "I can't sew a wedding gown!"
"Is that what you expect from your future groom!" Gaston roared. All the sisters looked timid. "I demand that the seamstress make you a gown free of charge! And Ouvette, you had better learn to sew perfectly! You all must or you'll learn what real punishment is!"
"Oui, of course, Gaston." They all chanted, still sort of afraid.
"What kind of dress do you want me to have, Gaston?" Ouvette obviously had no brain of her own.
"Just make sure it shows off those lovely tits." He grinned, groping them. Ouvette giggled.
"You'd better go." Advised Laure. "You still need to propose to Belle."
"Oh, Belle!" remembered Gaston. "Gotta go girls! Don't forget, whoever is in my house and looks sexiest gets me tonight!" He then bolted towards Belle's. Emyle, Ouvette, and Laure ran, their skirts held in their hands to Gaston's house. As they undressed Emyle scolded Laure.
"Do you want more competition, Laure? It's enough having to compete with each other! But imagine, having to keep the house perfect for Gaston so you could be the favorite over Belle too?" Laure shrugged.
"Belle's new around here. She's only been here for a few weeks and is always so quiet. I'll just have to dump all the work on her and Gaston is all mine. He's so dreamy, you know. Imagine being his wife!"
"Every day will be a dream. He'll wake up next to all of us and we'll see his lovely arms and pecks. We'll take care of the house; make it perfect while he's out getting the yummiest food. Belle will cook dinner and wash up the kids. Oh imagine, having Gaston's children! And when he comes home he will see us all and praise what a wonderful job we've done. Then he'll eat dinner and smile and tell us a wonderful hunting story! And then, every night, he will choose one of us for sex and "
Ouvette snickered. "We already do that! Look at us now!"
Laure hesitated. "Do you think Gaston will ever make love to other girls? When we're married, that is."
"Of course!" cried Emyle. "Do you think he would marry four girls if he was satisfied with only one woman?" Laure's expression was pathetic.
"Do you think that's right though?" she asked.
"Let Gaston do as it pleases him. He is a man and it is not a woman's place to disrespect a man in any way. That gives him the right to punish her." Emyle was strict.
"If he came home one day and said he'd slept with Mama?" Ouvette tried to trap Emyle. Such talk was all right for the men, but for a lady?
"I would ready him dinner and wash everything up." The same thought ran through Ouvette and Laure's heads.
That's not right. That's not right.
"That's not right!" cried Belle, disgusted. "Gaston, I've known you for two weeks and you want to marry me? And I'll be one of four brides?"
"Belle, any other girl would be thrilled with my protagonist."
"Proposal." Belle corrected, exasperated. "Well, I'm not any other girl, I am me. And I am  not  thrilled with your  protagonist.
" Belle was firm. There was no way this oaf was going to marry her! "Of all the things!" she continued scolding." You don't even bring me a ring!" Gaston was furious at her rejection. How dare she? Ouvette, Emyle and Laure were happy without rings! Weren't all girls the same? No, he decided, there were some small differences. Belle was obviously spoiled. That would change once he trained her of course, but for now he would woo her with gifts. A ring would be easy to get, the silversmith was overtired with work and needed food so he was sure to give him a fine ring for whatever Gaston would catch. It would be marvelous obviously. The seamstress was a little whore so in exchange for some sex and a promise to see her even after he was married would do. He quite enjoyed the seamstress, so his end of the bargain was no problem. She'd certainly whip him up a nice dress for Belle! And hmm, Belle's father was a bit odd, He was old too, and didn't hunt so a big fresh buck on the table would certainly be a surprise! Ugh, this was hard work. Gaston never thought of anything but himself, hunting and sex so he gave himself a break by going out to hunt, careful to catch something good for the silversmith. He caught two rabbits in twenty minutes. That was certainly enough. After an hour more he'd begun to get antsy, deciding to pick out a ring.
"Hey, Mr. Landau!" he said, bolting into the room. Even the older ladies swooned. "I've got two rabbits for you if you'll give me the finest ring. With a huge diamond!" Mr. Landau didn't much like Gaston but his generosity was incredible.
"You need only give me one." The old man smiled. "Who's the lucky girl?" he asked.
"Belle." He replied.
"Yes, Belle, very nice girl."
"Yes, yes." Returned Gaston, not really listening. "What you got?"
"Well, I'll have to make it. Just tell me what kind you want."
"Uhhh," said Gaston, confused "Whatever girls like."
"Not every girl likes the same thing, Gaston." Mr. Landau's brows wrinkled into a frown, thinking maybe he didn't quite understand Belle.
"Oh," Gaston said. Such a thought had never crossed his mind. After a few minutes he remembered that there were a few types of girls, whores like Ouvette Emyle and Laure, normal girls, ugly girls, spoiled girls. Yes, that was it! Belle was a spoiled girl. "A spoiled girl then." He said triumphantly. Mr. Landau frowned again but then smiled just for show and decided that Belle would get a nice ring, even if she was married to a nincompoop.
"Ok, Gaston. Come back Friday, I'll have it ready."
"I'll give you the second rabbit if you have it by tomorrow." Mr. Landau sighed but agreed. Job for the silversmith was scarce and he and his wife did love rabbit.

<\tphyldoc>

Maurice has to believe this is a happy ending. After all, isn't his daughter standing in front of him, showing her exquisite golden ball gown as she waits for the one she loves? Sure, he can't reach out and touch his only child anymore, and the one she loves is a Beast. But it doesn't matter anymore. As long as Belle is smiling.
"You look just like your mother," Maurice says to her, a tear threatening to run down his cheek. Belle blushes even as she approaches him, concern in her lovely eyes.
"Oh, Papa. I'm so sorry," she says. Sorry for not having the life he'd hoped for her. Sorry for making him sad on what's supposed to be one of the happiest moments for her life. Sorry for not being there the way he wants her anymore...
Maurice shakes his head and smiles, for Belle's sake. And he knows the servants smile too, staying in the shadows, eternal witnesses of Belle and the Beast's happiness.
For he'd thought she'd never see her smile again after the Beast died. From the castle's bridge Maurice saw glimpses of the fight, how the Beast dangled Gaston from the edge and then lowered him down. How the Beast then approached Belle, so close to her, too entranced by her presence to notice Gaston following. Then the roar of pain, and Gaston screaming and falling into the darkness. Maurice remembers little after that. He knows he ran into the castle, losing himself in the maze of dark corridors and confused objects. There had been a battle and they had won. Unlike their Master.
When Maurice finally made it to the Beast's room he was already gone, Belle crying and embracing the lifeless body. There was a stab wound on the Beast's side and blood pooled slowly beneath him. Maurice recognized the ones he had met on his first visit to the castle: the candelabra, the clock and the teapot, all softly crying for their dead Master. In the middle of their pain and sorrow, no one but Maurice had noticed the light at first; that strange, shiny rain falling over then, until it touched them and made them flesh and blood.
Mrs. Potts would later tell Maurice about the spell. The one that would have been broken when their Master learned to love and be loved in returned. For Belle had whispered her loving words just before the last petal fell. It had been too late for the Beast, but not for the servants.
Belle was never the same after that night. With the Beast gone, she became the new mistress of the castle. She was kind and generous and they all adored her. But there was nothing they could do to bring joy to her life. The next few months she wandered around the castle like a ghost, clad in mourning clothes and sometimes stopping next to a window and looking outside. Until one morning, when she finally walked out of the castle and into the woods. No one saw her leave, her steps in the snow the only lead they had. By nightfall, the servants were out, looking for her.
"I used to read to him," Belle tells Maurice. "He loved King Arthur and Romeo and Juliet the best. Just like me. I was going to read him my favorite fairy tale the night after we danced. I had the whole day planned: We were going to feed the birds after breakfast, then go for a walk in the gardens, then read after lunch." She turns to look at her father. "He makes me happy."
Maurice nods, understanding. She loves the Beast, but won't go to him without her father's blessing. Just like every night since she came back from the forest. Sometimes he wonders if this is really her daughter or maybe a nice fairy who grants an old man a little peace by offering him this vision of happiness and love.
"I know he does," Maurice says. Because he means it, and because he doesn't know what else to say.
Four nights after Belle dissapeared, Maurice had a dream. And the dream was like one of the fairy tales her daughter loved so much. And it was Belle's own fairy tale.
Once upon a time, there was a beautiful woman lost in the woods. She'd wandered out of the safety of her shining castle because it wasn't home anymore. For her one true love had died in her arms on that castle. The young woman knew she had to go back, but her heart was broken and nothing else mattered.
Then, a powerful Sorceress came to the woman. Although she didn't have the power to bring back the dead, there was something the Sorceress could do. And so she took the young woman's hand, and spoke sweet words to her as they went through the darkest part of the forest, a secret path that led to a white door. And standing by the door, was the young woman's true love. And the young woman went to him and they embraced and together they crossed the white door. And they lived happily ever after
And Maurice woke up, and he cried as he called the servants and told them to stop looking. Belle was gone. The following night, his daughter's voice woke him up, woke the entire household, asking them to go the ballroom. And there she was, as beautiful as he remembered her, safe in the arms of her Beast.
The Beast approaches them. He wears a royal blue and black suit, with golden details that match Belle's gown. Belle and Maurice stand, ready for the nightly ritual. The Beast bows and offers his arm to Belle. Maurice takes Belle's hand (the one time it feels real, as if his child were still alive) and places it on the Beast's arm. Then Maurice sits again and watches them dance. Behind him, someone sobs. He knows is Mrs. Potts. Soon she'll come sit by Maurice's side and sing a tender song about the lovers. Then everyone else will move a bit closer, just close enough to see everything better and to keep the magic from escaping their home. And Belle and the Beast will dance until dawn, when they will disappear with the the morning sun and come back at dusk, and the cycle will start again.
They look so beautiful together. So in love. So happy.
Yes, this has to be a happy ending.

<\tphyldoc>

The humid morning air allowed rainbows to traverse the valley, and all was rather well. Actually, life was extraordinarily well for a girl of about 18 named Belle. Life was good to Belle, better than to the rest of the villagers, partially because life knew that if it did not treat Belle best, it would have its face punched in.
Life was shallow this way.
But then again, (though life never had this problem, having an inability to speak to Belle) everyone  else  in the village knew that if you called Belle Belle, you would have your eyebrows shaved off if you were a girl, and if you were a guy, you would have your face punched in.
Belle was partial to that sort of treatment.
So, instead of calling Belle Belle (most people preferred to cave than be punched, and oftentimes, Belle forgot her own policies, and she punched girls as well), the villagers called her 'that girl' and if they weren't calling her 'that girl' with a nasty, yet knowing look on their faces, they were calling her 'Luna' which she preferred to extremes.
Belle (I will be brave and call her that, for Luna never really fit her), it so happens, was not a very nice person, if you have not gathered that by now.
In fact, Belle was a very mean person. I am certain this comes as quite a shock to you, but I swear upon the  sun, that it's true. (I can't swear upon the Bible. I'm an atheist, sorry.)
Unfortunately for her, tales of Belle's  ways  didn't reach neighboring villages, partially because (and they had a right to) the villagers hushed up anything to do with her, as they were ashamed at the way someone in their town had turned out. Whisperings about how Belle loved to read and how she would punch your face in if she caught you whispering were spread all over the village, who didn't believe that Belle knew that it was whispering about her.
How wrong that was.
In fact, secretly Belle stared blankly at the books and listened as the people became hushed or lowered their tones near her, and raised their voices to normal level once they passed. In her mind, she laughed at this; it had become a sort of game.
But this is not currently a matter of consequence. In fact, it is a matter of very little consequence right now, because Belle was about to do something to freak out the rest of her little town. It would scare them; they would have nightmares of the prank Belle was going to play, it was that awesome. This would go down in the history books. And the town wasn't prepared.
Oddly enough, this time, the prank did not involve a tightly packed fist and loads of raw energy or strength.
"Dad, can't you just leave me alone? Ever thought that maybe I have a life?" Belle glared at her father, who had never been punched once, contrary to popular belief. In fact, Belle, despite her cruel fa ade, was endeared with her elderly parent (her mother had died when she was young), and was polite to him most of the time. Today she was just slightly agitated because it was the day of the Prank.
"Ellie, Ellie. Calm down. Don't worry. Everyone will think you're even weirder than they know now." He knew her rather well too, and called her the pet name of 'Ellie' as opposed to 'Luna.' Belle didn't mind all too much. She just pretended to. It was like the game with the books.
"Thanks, Dad. I'm just going to go now."
It was early morning, and the village wasn't ready for the ultimate hit. The ultimate prank. They'd be left in confusion for hours.
And then it began.
"Little town It's a quiet village. Ev'ry day Like the one before. Little town, full of little people. Waking up to say, bonjour."
The stares and confused looks were just beginning.
The prank was going well.
Okay, amend that: it was going well, depending on your definition of well.
For example, the book keeper was so scared that when she asked if he had any new books in her sing-song fakey voice, he said, "N-no " and grabbed one of the older books off the shelf and shoved it at her, backing into a corner of the shop and stammering, "P-please  k-keep it ." At that point he grabbed the ladder from the wall and held it in a defensive position, just in case she attacked.
Belle left at that point, just in case she "accidentally" punched his face in for being such a jerk and ruining her beautifully wonderful prank.
As she flipped through the pages of her newly acquired book, singing, and covertly laughing at the scared glances people were giving her, however, something very bad happened. Something very unpredicted  something  out of the ordinary.
Recently, a man named Gaston had moved into town. Though not widely famous, in this region of France, the name Gaston meant something. Gaston was, in short, a game hunter. But the thing was, he wasn't just  any  game hunter. He was what every male teen aspired to be   wanted by the ladies, envied by the men of the town, rich, good looking  the list went on.
Only recently (approximately six months ago) had Gaston moved to this small provincial town   and already he had made a name for himself, extending the reaches of his reputation. But why had he stayed? There was the obvious reason   Gaston had not seen such wonderfully healthy, muscular, fat game anywhere else he had hunted.
And the less obvious reason?
Gaston had seen Belle.
I say "seen" because Gaston had not properly met Belle as of yet. He had seen her in town, observed her, watched carefully. Or not so carefully, because if he had watched her carefully he would have noticed how she had an odd habit of punching people's faces in.
And today Gaston decided to make himself and his intentions known to Belle. You see, it wasn't such a bad idea on the surface   she was acting very kind and civil and being all smiley today. What Gaston didn't realize was that underneath this fair fa ade lurked the real Belle   partially because he didn't even know there was a different Belle.
As Belle sang, stepping briskly out of the village, Gaston jumped off a roof to try to get in front of her without her noticing.
Unfortunately enough for him, he didn't quite succeed. He hadn't realized that there was a big mud puddle where he was jumping. That is; he didn't see the big mud puddle until he was in it.
It was in this fashion that Belle found herself splashed by a huge, now mud-covered form, who was moaning and groaning at how hard the ground was, and attempting to wipe the mud off of his mouth with an equally mud-covered hand.
Belle stopped in shock, but not for long. In the end, she just stepped around the figure, snapped her book shut, stopped singing and walked home.
Or, she would have walked home, if Gaston hadn't gotten back up and tried to continue with what he'd been planning to do.
"Luna," he said, smiling a particularly muddy smile, "I have watched you from afar for many days-"
"Oh, so you admit to stalking me?"
"-and have been astounded by your wondrous beauty and grace. I would be honored-" but Gaston was cut short, because Belle had walked on and snorted when he said "beauty" and "grace." He was just another guy who wanted to mock her   there were quite a few, to be truthful. They'd all moved, though, so Belle didn't have to worry about them any more.
But then again, she was the reason they moved. Of course, that was a surprise to no one. The other girls of the village, especially the three chestnut  haired "beauties," would have protested the way she scared off all of the "gorgeous men" from "this lovely little village," except they knew that their prospects of ensnaring any of said "gorgeous men" who remained despite Belle would decrease greatly if they lacked eyebrows, or, for that matter, an intact nose. Therefore, they held their tongues and complained with disparaging comments in private, behind Belle's back.
"Please, Luna. Would you care to look at the trophies in the tavern with me?" Gaston, muddy as he was, continued to accost Belle, who obviously didn't want anything to do with him, particularly in this state.
"Gaston," Belle, attempting to salvage the Prank, fluttered her eyelashes and blinked up at him flirtatiously, "I am unworthy. I insist   ask someone else. Please   it would pain me to no end to think that you, primeval deity that you are, would ask me to come look at  dead stuffed animals on a wall of a freaking tavern.  I am simply undeserving," she finished, snarling, then walked on, wiping off her book as she went.

<\tphyldoc>

The corridor was completely silent. Only a tiny sliver of moonlight from a grime-covered window lit the stark blackness, illuminating the dusty floor and cobweb-adorned paintings which lined the walls. To untrained eyes, it would appear that not a soul had stepped foot in it in long years.
In other words, it was just perfect for two particular objects looking for a little, much desired, private time.
"Oh, Monsieur, you are just terrible!"
"Oui, it is one of my many faults. I shall have to make ammends."
"You will have to try hard."
"I was hoping you would say that . . ."
The silence of the corridor was broken by the arrival of the afore-mentioned objects, both of whom were whispering so as not to be heard. Their efforts were in vain, however, as anyone who should happen upon this place would have no trouble locating them. This was mainly due to the glowing light that one of them happened to walk around in - one of the many downsides of being a candlestick, unfortunately.
However, the two lovers were far too wrapped up in themselves to pay much attention to their surroundings. As grateful as they were for the arrival of "The Girl," having an actual human in the castle when it had been completely devoid of such for so long was proving to have its downsides: namely, a limited supply of places to spend time alone. Therefore, Lumiere and Babette were relishing their newly found solitude, and intended to make the most of it.
Lumiere was just pulling the feather duster into a graceful dip when she suddenly decided to take note of their location. Grimacing slightly, she whispered, "Lumiere, stop!"
Disappointed, he withdrew slightly. "What is it, cher e?" She glanced around. "Let's go somewhere else." "What's wrong with this place? There is no one else here." "I know, but I just feel. . . I don't know. . . exposed."
He sighed and wanted to argue, but Babette was giving him a wide-eyed look which she saved especially for when she wanted to convince someone to do something (it was guarranteed to work against just about every male, except maybe Cogsworth). So he simply smirked and said, "As the lady wishes."
"Merci, mon cher."
Looking around, he spied what looked like a broom closet which, for some reason, was slightly ajar. This might have seemed odd to anyone else, but Lumiere was never one to question good fortune. Pulling a willing Babette over in that direction, he reached out a wick-adorned arm to pull the door open, glad to finally have a place to spend some private time with his beloved. . .
"Oi! Do you mind? This is not a public closet."
"Oui, go find your own room!"
Lumiere slammed the door shut on the disgruntled mop and broom who had been occupying the closet, something close to a pout on his waxen features. For a moment the corridor was once again silent.
Finally Babette, who had a look on her face that was torn somewhere between irritation and amusement, cleared her throat. "It seems a broom closet isn't the private place it once was," she said ruefully.
Her escort didn't say anything. He too was reminiscing about once upon a time, when one could walk into a closet and not have to worry about being kicked out by the cleaning materials that resided in it, and when no one  was foolish enough to get in the way of what Lumiere did best - that is, entertaining pretty young madmoiselles.
Still, never one to stay gloomy for long, the candlestick made an effort to brighten up a bit (pardon the pun) and said, "Never mind, amour. We will just have to find somewhere else." Babette smiled and snuggled up to him, feeling peaceful and happy. It didn't matter how much the spell had changed Lumiere appearance-wise, he would always be her shining light of optimism. . .
"LUMIERE!"
The close-by shout, followed by the impatient tapping of wood against the marble floor, signalled the arrival of the last person either of them wanted to see. Both objects groaned and rolled their eyes in irritation and Babette withdrew slightly. "I suppose we'll have to re-schedule our date," she said dolefully.
However, Lumiere simply tightened his hold on her and whispered, "A little longer cher e. If Cogsworth got his way all the time, then he'd be spoiled. And no one likes spoiled clocks."
"Spoiled clocks yell a lot and give you extra chores," she responded, but was only too happy to relax back into her lover's embrace.
They stayed like that for a blissful few seconds, but Cogsworth's shouts were reaching a crescendo, and sounded close by, so they reluctantly pulled away from each other. "I had better get back to my chores now," Babette said softly, and started to turn away. Lumiere stopped her once more and whispered, "Twelve o'clock, the Library," he said. "I think Madmoiselle Belle would have gone to bed by then."
She grinned and responded, "Oui, amour. Until twelve then, au revoir."
"I will be counting the seconds," he called softly after her retreating feathers. When she was out of sight, he sighed and reluctantly turned around and hopped down the corridor.
The first thing that greeted Lumiere as emerged from the less used parts of the castle was a purple-faced clock looking on the vergeof a breakdown.
"You know, there's one good thing about being turned into a wooden object," he said mildly upon approaching the livid Cogsworth. "You no longer have any blood vessels, and had you been human, I'm quite sure you would have burst several by now."
Cogsworth took a deep breath to calm himself and put his short wooden arms firmly in the place where his hips might have been. "I'm sure one of these days that you'll find a way of making me do that, Lumiere, blood vessels or no," he said tightly. "I have been calling you for the past two and a half minutes you realise!"
"Calm yourself, mon ami," Lumiere said. "Now what is so urgent that you had to interrupt my lesiure time, hmm?"
Cogsworth seemed to inflate with indignation. "The Master wants to see us, and forgive me if I'm wrong, but I don't think he'd appreciate having to wait for you to finish with your non-productive nonsense!"
"Au contraire, I happen to find my 'nonsense' very productive indeed," he said, ignoring his comrade's look of distaste. "But what does the Master want to see us both for? Surely his most trusted housekeeper is much better suited to giving advice than his lowly maitre d'?"
The clock frowned. "That's what I said, but he insisted on both of us. And don't think you can buy your way out of trouble with flattery."
"That wasn't flattery, it was sarcasm."
They continued to bicker all the way up to the West Wing, where their Master resided. Both of them hesitated slightly at the door, as it had become habit to avoid this particular part of the castle as much as possible. However, the repercussions would be much worse if they took forever to show up, so Cogsworth finally reached out with his small brass-capped 'hand' and rapped nervously on the door.
A tense moment passed before it swung open to reveal the transformed Prince in all his fearsome glory. However, their customary sense of fear dropped considerably at the sight of the Beast's face - it looked rather unsettled, almost nervous.
"You called for us, Sire?" Lumiere asked.
"Er, yes." He cleared his throat. "I need your advice," he said, opening the door so they could enter.
It was a mark of how much Belle's presence had influenced the Beast that he did not growl at them for being late and/or knock them down, as he was sometimes prone to do on a particularly bad day. Still, they weren't about to complain, and they gave each other a brief, hopeful glance before coming in. "Our services are at your comand, Master," The candlestick said gallantly as they hopped onto a nearby table.
Not to be outdone, Cogsworth quickly added, "If there's a problem, we will not stop until it is solved." He glared at Lumiere, who was rolling his eyes at the clock's theatrics.
The Beast chose to ignore this silent dialogue and started pacing back and forth. The objects noticed that he was using his hind legs only - he seemed to be making more of an effort to appear as human as possible lately. He opened his mouth to speak then closed it again, apparantly unsure of how to voice whatever was bothering him.
After watching him do this several times, Lumiere finally ventured to ask, "Is this about Madmoiselle Belle, Master?"
The Beast looked up at the candlestick sharply, causing him to flinch. However, he made no move to hurt either of them, and the look in his cobalt blue eyes told them that his assumption had been correct.
"I don't know what to do," he muttered, looking more vulnerable than Cogsworth and Lumiere had seen him in a long time. "I mean, how could someone as beautiful as her ever love something like me?"
"Well you know, Sire, love isn't all just about appearances and. . . er, sexual attraction," Lumiere said, vividly reminded of the first night Belle had come to the castle. He and Mrs Potts had tried to give their Master the best advice for wooing a lady, but it hadn't turned out too well. He was determined to do a better job this time.
Cogsworth scoffed at his words. "Oh you're a fine one to talk, Mr I'll-Just-Sleep-With-Every-Eligible-Maid-In-The-Castle."
Lumiere scowled and folded his arms. "That is not true. I haven't touched another woman in years besides my Babette. And you know, it is rather hard to do any such thing that you speak of when one is a candlestick." There was a bitter note to his voice that plainly said he regretted the fact of his words deeply.
The clock blushed furiously at this, but was quick to counter with, "Well, you used  to be like that. And frankly, I don't think that sexual attraction is the issue here!"
The Beast, who had been watching this exchange with a hopelessly blank look in his eyes, finally shook his head rapidly and said. "Enough! What exactly  is  sexual attraction?" His words effectively stunned both objects into silence. They glanced around at him and Lumiere suddenly realised he was looking at a young man completely inexperienced in the wonderful wide world of women. After all, he had been just eleven years old when he'd been turned into a monster, not in the least interested in females. Both his parents had died when he was just a baby, and he'd spent all his adolescent years moping about in the dark corners of the West Wing, roaring furiously at anyone who had dared to intrude on his solitude. Needless to say, sexual education had hardly been on the servants' agenda.
Still, Lumiere wasn't to be put out, especially when it came to a subject that he was rather well versed in. "Ah, Master, when it comes to women, it is all about knowing how to handle them. You see, women love- " Cogsworth cleared his throat loudly, cutting off his comrade's heartfelt speech. "Apologies, gentlemen, but I honstly don't think that this is an appropriate way to handle the situation."
"And why not? He is not a child, it is surely high time that he learnt about such subjects. Why, when I was his age, I. . ." "Just because  you  were uncontrallably women-obsessed as an adolescent doesn't account for all of us!"
"And at exactly what period of your life were you women-obsessed, hmm? Or is that point in time still yet to come?"
The Beast suddenly growled, effectifely silencing his servants and preventing what was about to escalate into a fistfight.
"Now," he said looking rather dangerous once more. "Either explain what sexual attraction is and how it can help me, or think of something else!"
Lumiere and Cogsworth glanced at each other, coming to a silent agreement. "Cogsworth is right, sexual attraction is not the issue just yet," the candlestick finally said, choosing to ignore his companion's smug smile. "Right now I think we should focus on closer goals - mutual likes and dislikes, etc - and go from there."
"Alright," the Beast said slowly. "So how do I find out what she likes?"
"Spend more time with her. Start talking about her life, and what she does. Don't ask her outright. Women expect you to pick up on the little hints and signals they give - but make sure you interpret them right or it could be disastrous. You have to be sneaky about it."
"I don't agree with that," Cogsworth interrupted suddenly. "Honesty is always the best approach when dealing with females."
"As if you know anything about dealing with women!"
"Excuse me,  I  wasn't the one who seemed to have a permanent slap mark on my face every day!"
"Maybe because you never got close enough to a woman to receive one!"
The Beast sighed. Maybe he should just go ask Mrs Potts.










