A rich man's wife became sick, and when she felt that her end was drawing near, she called her only daughter to her bedside and said, "Dear child, remain pious and good, and then our dear God will always protect you, and I will look down on you from heaven and be near you." With this she closed her eyes and died.
The girl went out to her mother's grave every day and wept, and she remained pious and good. When winter came the snow spread a white cloth over the grave, and when the spring sun had removed it again, the man took himself another wife.
This wife brought two daughters into the house with her. They were beautiful, with fair faces, but evil and dark hearts. Times soon grew very bad for the poor stepchild.
"Why should that stupid goose sit in the parlor with us?" they said. "If she wants to eat bread, then she will have to earn it. Out with this kitchen maid!"
They took her beautiful clothes away from her, dressed her in an old gray smock, and gave her wooden shoes. "Just look at the proud princess! How decked out she is!" they shouted and laughed as they led her into the kitchen.
There she had to do hard work from morning until evening, get up before daybreak, carry water, make the fires, cook, and wash. Besides this, the sisters did everything imaginable to hurt her. They made fun of her, scattered peas and lentils into the ashes for her, so that she had to sit and pick them out again. In the evening when she had worked herself weary, there was no bed for her. Instead she had to sleep by the hearth in the ashes. And because she always looked dusty and dirty, they called her Cinderella.
One day it happened that the father was going to the fair, and he asked his two stepdaughters what he should bring back for them.
"Beautiful dresses," said the one.
"Pearls and jewels," said the other.
"And you, Cinderella," he said, "what do you want?"
"Father, break off for me the first twig that brushes against your hat on your way home."
So he bought beautiful dresses, pearls, and jewels for his two stepdaughters. On his way home, as he was riding through a green thicket, a hazel twig brushed against him and knocked off his hat. Then he broke off the twig and took it with him. Arriving home, he gave his stepdaughters the things that they had asked for, and he gave Cinderella the twig from the hazel bush.
Cinderella thanked him, went to her mother's grave, and planted the branch on it, and she wept so much that her tears fell upon it and watered it. It grew and became a beautiful tree.
Cinderella went to this tree three times every day, and beneath it she wept and prayed. A white bird came to the tree every time, and whenever she expressed a wish, the bird would throw down to her what she had wished for.
Now it happened that the king proclaimed a festival that was to last three days. All the beautiful young girls in the land were invited, so that his son could select a bride for himself. When the two stepsisters heard that they too had been invited, they were in high spirits.
They called Cinderella, saying, "Comb our hair for us. Brush our shoes and fasten our buckles. We are going to the festival at the king's castle."
Cinderella obeyed, but wept, because she too would have liked to go to the dance with them. She begged her stepmother to allow her to go.
"You, Cinderella?" she said. "You, all covered with dust and dirt, and you want to go to the festival?. You have neither clothes nor shoes, and yet you want to dance!"
However, because Cinderella kept asking, the stepmother finally said, "I have scattered a bowl of lentils into the ashes for you. If you can pick them out again in two hours, then you may go with us."
The girl went through the back door into the garden, and called out, "You tame pigeons, you turtledoves, and all you birds beneath the sky, come and help me to gather:
The good ones go into the pot,
The bad ones go into your crop."
Two white pigeons came in through the kitchen window, and then the turtledoves, and finally all the birds beneath the sky came whirring and swarming in, and lit around the ashes. The pigeons nodded their heads and began to pick, pick, pick, pick. And the others also began to pick, pick, pick, pick. They gathered all the good grains into the bowl. Hardly one hour had passed before they were finished, and they all flew out again.

The girl took the bowl to her stepmother, and was happy, thinking that now she would be allowed to go to the festival with them.
But the stepmother said, "No, Cinderella, you have no clothes, and you don't know how to dance. Everyone would only laugh at you."
Cinderella began to cry, and then the stepmother said, "You may go if you are able to pick two bowls of lentils out of the ashes for me in one hour," thinking to herself, "She will never be able to do that."
The girl went through the back door into the garden, and called out, "You tame pigeons, you turtledoves, and all you birds beneath the sky, come and help me to gather:
The good ones go into the pot,
The bad ones go into your crop."
Two white pigeons came in through the kitchen window, and then the turtledoves, and finally all the birds beneath the sky came whirring and swarming in, and lit around the ashes. The pigeons nodded their heads and began to pick, pick, pick, pick. And the others also began to pick, pick, pick, pick. They gathered all the good grains into the bowls. Before a half hour had passed they were finished, and they all flew out again.

The girl took the bowls to her stepmother, and was happy, thinking that now she would be allowed to go to the festival with them.
But the stepmother said, "It's no use. You are not coming with us, for you have no clothes, and you don't know how to dance. We would be ashamed of you." With this she turned her back on Cinderella, and hurried away with her two proud daughters.
Now that no one else was at home, Cinderella went to her mother's grave beneath the hazel tree, and cried out:
Shake and quiver, little tree,
Throw gold and silver down to me.
Then the bird threw a gold and silver dress down to her, and slippers embroidered with silk and silver. She quickly put on the dress and went to the festival.

Her stepsisters and her stepmother did not recognize her. They thought she must be a foreign princess, for she looked so beautiful in the golden dress. They never once thought it was Cinderella, for they thought that she was sitting at home in the dirt, looking for lentils in the ashes.
The prince approached her, took her by the hand, and danced with her. Furthermore, he would dance with no one else. He never let go of her hand, and whenever anyone else came and asked her to dance, he would say, "She is my dance partner."
She danced until evening, and then she wanted to go home. But the prince said, "I will go along and escort you," for he wanted to see to whom the beautiful girl belonged. However, she eluded him and jumped into the pigeon coop. The prince waited until her father came, and then he told him that the unknown girl had jumped into the pigeon coop.
The old man thought, "Could it be Cinderella?"
He had them bring him an ax and a pick so that he could break the pigeon coop apart, but no one was inside. When they got home Cinderella was lying in the ashes, dressed in her dirty clothes. A dim little oil-lamp was burning in the fireplace. Cinderella had quickly jumped down from the back of the pigeon coop and had run to the hazel tree. There she had taken off her beautiful clothes and laid them on the grave, and the bird had taken them away again. Then, dressed in her gray smock, she had returned to the ashes in the kitchen.
The next day when the festival began anew, and her parents and her stepsisters had gone again, Cinderella went to the hazel tree and said:
Shake and quiver, little tree,
Throw gold and silver down to me.
Then the bird threw down an even more magnificent dress than on the preceding day. When Cinderella appeared at the festival in this dress, everyone was astonished at her beauty. The prince had waited until she came, then immediately took her by the hand, and danced only with her. When others came and asked her to dance with them, he said, "She is my dance partner."

When evening came she wanted to leave, and the prince followed her, wanting to see into which house she went. But she ran away from him and into the garden behind the house. A beautiful tall tree stood there, on which hung the most magnificent pears. She climbed as nimbly as a squirrel into the branches, and the prince did not know where she had gone. He waited until her father came, then said to him, "The unknown girl has eluded me, and I believe she has climbed up the pear tree.
The father thought, "Could it be Cinderella?" He had an ax brought to him and cut down the tree, but no one was in it. When they came to the kitchen, Cinderella was lying there in the ashes as usual, for she had jumped down from the other side of the tree, had taken the beautiful dress back to the bird in the hazel tree, and had put on her gray smock.
On the third day, when her parents and sisters had gone away, Cinderella went again to her mother's grave and said to the tree:
Shake and quiver, little tree,
Throw gold and silver down to me.
This time the bird threw down to her a dress that was more splendid and magnificent than any she had yet had, and the slippers were of pure gold. When she arrived at the festival in this dress, everyone was so astonished that they did not know what to say. The prince danced only with her, and whenever anyone else asked her to dance, he would say, "She is my dance partner."

When evening came Cinderella wanted to leave, and the prince tried to escort her, but she ran away from him so quickly that he could not follow her. The prince, however, had set a trap. He had had the entire stairway smeared with pitch. When she ran down the stairs, her left slipper stuck in the pitch. The prince picked it up. It was small and dainty, and of pure gold.
The next morning, he went with it to the man, and said to him, "No one shall be my wife except for the one whose foot fits this golden shoe."
The two sisters were happy to hear this, for they had pretty feet. With her mother standing by, the older one took the shoe into her bedroom to try it on. She could not get her big toe into it, for the shoe was too small for her. Then her mother gave her a knife and said, "Cut off your toe. When you are queen you will no longer have to go on foot."
The girl cut off her toe, forced her foot into the shoe, swallowed the pain, and went out to the prince. He took her on his horse as his bride and rode away with her. However, they had to ride past the grave, and there, on the hazel tree, sat the two pigeons, crying out:
Rook di goo, rook di goo!
There's blood in the shoe.
The shoe is too tight,
This bride is not right!
Then he looked at her foot and saw how the blood was running from it. He turned his horse around and took the false bride home again, saying that she was not the right one, and that the other sister should try on the shoe. She went into her bedroom, and got her toes into the shoe all right, but her heel was too large.

Then her mother gave her a knife, and said, "Cut a piece off your heel. When you are queen you will no longer have to go on foot."
The girl cut a piece off her heel, forced her foot into the shoe, swallowed the pain, and went out to the prince. He took her on his horse as his bride and rode away with her. When they passed the hazel tree, the two pigeons were sitting in it, and they cried out:
Rook di goo, rook di goo!
There's blood in the shoe.
The shoe is too tight,
This bride is not right!
He looked down at her foot and saw how the blood was running out of her shoe, and how it had stained her white stocking all red. Then he turned his horse around and took the false bride home again.

"This is not the right one, either," he said. "Don't you have another daughter?"
"No," said the man. "There is only a deformed little Cinderella from my first wife, but she cannot possibly be the bride."
The prince told him to send her to him, but the mother answered, "Oh, no, she is much too dirty. She cannot be seen."
But the prince insisted on it, and they had to call Cinderella. She first washed her hands and face clean, and then went and bowed down before the prince, who gave her the golden shoe. She sat down on a stool, pulled her foot out of the heavy wooden shoe, and put it into the slipper, and it fitted her perfectly.
When she stood up the prince looked into her face, and he recognized the beautiful girl who had danced with him. He cried out, "She is my true bride."
The stepmother and the two sisters were horrified and turned pale with anger. The prince, however, took Cinderella onto his horse and rode away with her. As they passed by the hazel tree, the two white pigeons cried out:
Rook di goo, rook di goo!
No blood's in the shoe.
The shoe's not too tight,
This bride is right!
After they had cried this out, they both flew down and lit on Cinderella's shoulders, one on the right, the other on the left, and remained sitting there.

When the wedding with the prince was to be held, the two false sisters came, wanting to gain favor with Cinderella and to share her good fortune. When the bridal couple walked into the church, the older sister walked on their right side and the younger on their left side, and the pigeons pecked out one eye from each of them. Afterwards, as they came out of the church, the older one was on the left side, and the younger one on the right side, and then the pigeons pecked out the other eye from each of them. And thus, for their wickedness and falsehood, they were punished with blindness as long as they lived.

<\tphyldoc>

During the big dance the prince were really sad because he think's that all the girls in the big dance were looking for him and want to married him only because of his father money and because they want to become princesses so the prince decide to dress like a normal guy invited to the dance so he could be able to meet some girls without all the pressing of been the prince. The night was going on he doesn't meet any interesting girl but just after he start thinking to give up Cinderella appears and she ask him were cans he find the prince and the prince told her that the prince didn't appear during the dance. Cinderella and the prince start talking and knowing each other, the prince was amazed with that girl because she was a really nice person but when the midnight comes Cinderella was obligated to run away, she told him that she needs to go but the prince didn't let her so her only option was escape front the dance. After that moment the prince fall in love with her and start looking for her in his father kingdom, after many years Cinderella finally appears. She was really happy because the princes find her but went they meet again after many many years the princes didn't recognize her, she was really sad because the prince tell her in front of everybody that she wasn't the girl he remember, she didn't look how he picture her. Cinderella try to find a different way to make the prince recognize her because he was giving up with the idea of find his loved one; she remember all the things they talk about that night and go back to the castle, she ask to speak with the prince and when they were finally together she tell him all the thing they talk about and everything they mention that night, the prince was amazed again with the new that she was the girl he fall in love that night. The prince propose her to get married that in that moment and everybody was expecting that Cinderella would said yes, but when the moment come she said no, the prince was really sad and angry because he was expecting the same as the kingdom, he calm down and ask her why she answer that and she tell her that she was really disappointed because she was wondering that he remembers every single detail of her like she remember his. The prince get really angry and order to the guard of the castle to take Cinderella like a prisoner and put her in jail forever.

<\tphyldoc>


There was once in a far away land, don't ask me where, a little boy named Billy. He had nothing in the world except an old dog, Rusty, a nag, Queenie, two stepbrothers amd a stepmother. Oh, and did I mention that he lived in a mansion? Pretty poor, by anyone's standards, don't you think? Billy was a very hardworking and pleasant fellow. His two stepbrothers, Zack and Nick loved him like their own brother. Years passed, and Billy grew to be handsome, if somewhat dumb, jock. Zack was not as good looking as Billy and spent most his time with his nose buried in his books and lab whereas Nick had both brawn and brains. He divided himself equally between girls and books. Billy, on the other hand spent his time helping his delicate stepmother do the laundry; wash the dishes, and sometimes even cook. He was a very pleasant fellow. Or so everyone thought. Billy had a secret. A secret he hid from the world for twenty two years. Billy was mentally challenged. Soon, a grandmother he didn't know existed, died and left her palace and billions to Billy. Billy was very happy. Now he could leave this stepfamily he hated so much. But that was not to be. Billy's stepfamily was very excited for him. "We'll pack," Zack announced to a horrified Billy. Billy was too pleasant to say no, so his stepfamily thought that he was happy. But Billy was not. He spent many sleepless nights wondering to d, and suddenly it hit him. Simple. He would kill them. Billy spent a few days thinking the idea over. He finally came up with a solution. "I'll kill Nick first. He's the dumbest," said the brilliant tactician to himself. "An accident with his surfboard will do." He sneaked into Nick's Room and cut his surfboard lightly in the middle. Hopefully, it would break when Nick's weight was on it and hit him on the head, killing him instantly. Billy decided to go surfing with Nick to see how his plan worked. Unfortunately, in his anxious state, he forgot to take his surfboard along and Nick, being the good-natured fellow that he was, insisted that Billy take his and go first. Billy was too pleasant to say no, so he took it reluctantly. Of course, the moment Billy's weight was on it, the surfboard broke and hit him on the head. Billy blacked out. His plan had worked   on the wrong person. When Billy came to, he was lying in a bed surrounded b doctors. He saw Nick standing by the side looking anxious. When he saw that Billy was alright, he smiled. Billy smiled back, but inside he was furious. "You stupid boy, I'm not done with your family yet.  Billy next devised a plan to kill Zack. Since Zack was always trying out new experiments, Billy decided to sabotage Zack's lab. So, at midnight, when Zack was sure to be asleep, Billy crept into his lab. Seeing a vial with purplish liquid in it, and a sign saying "STAY AWAY, I'M DANGEROUS!", he decided that he would do something to the liquid in the vial. So, he opened up a cupboard and found just the right stuff: two bottles of unknown solution, one bottle of purple colouring and a big pinch of gunpowder. All this he mixed together with a spatula In the vial after pouring out the liquid that was in it into a bottle. After doing this, he put the vial bac and went back to his room. He went to sleep with a smile on his face. Billy woke up to hear Zack shouting. "Yes!" he thought with a smile. "I've done it!" Bit soon, his smile faded. Zack was not shouting in pain or agony. He wasn't even shouting in anger. It was a happy shout. Billy ran downstairs and found Zack and Nick dancing. When asked why, Zack answered with a little jump. "I have done it!  "Done what?" Billy asked. "I've invented the cure for insomnia!  "Wh ho ," stuttered poor Billy with a sick feeling in his gut. "Right here!" Zack announced gleefully, showing him two sleeping bundles of fur. "I tried it on my guinea pigs! It works!" Zack was still shouting when he took out the vial. The vial that Billy had poured the solution into.  His  solution. Sweating, Billy reached for a chair and sat down. He felt a bulge in his back pocket and took out a bottle. Hardly knowing what he was doing, Billy drank the liquid. Very soon he began to feel warm, and then cold. He tried to stand up but fell to the floor and blacked out. Again. He came to in a hospital where a few doctors were bent over him, frowning. One of them asked him sternly, "What was that that drink you had, young man?  "I don't know, sir," Billy said faintly. "Well, from now on, you had better watch what you eat and drink. Whatever you had, it upset your stomach. You will probably not be able to sleep for a few days. It is a side effect, I think.  "Thank you sir, I'll keep that in mind," Billy said, groaning inwardly. So, Zack's solution would  cause  insomnia, not sure it. Billy was very angry. So far, all his plans to kill his stepbrother's had failed. Perhaps he should have killed his stepmother first. He smiled. Yes, that was exactly what he would do. The next day, Billy decided to take action. His stepmother was sleeping next door. He would take a knife and kill her brutally. He rather liked the sound of that. Too many episodes of 'Murder one' were in his head. He chose a big butcher knife and crept into his stepmother's room. As he raised the knife, he hesitated. Could he be trying to kill the woman who had treated him more like a son than a step son? Billy considered with a frown. On one hand, she'd always loved him. On the other hand, a castle and all the money he'd ever dreamed of to himself. He smiled. "I do want to kill her," he thought. Perhaps he shouldn't have hesitated. Because suddenly he was in a death grip. His stepmother who couldn't walk was on her feet holding him tight with a maniac's smile on her face. I don't have to tell you that Billy was terrified. "What are you doing in my room, Billy?" she asked sweetly. Because he was an honest boy, Billy answered truthfully. "I'm trying to kill you, ma am." "Why Billy," she asked, raising her eyebrows. "Whatever for?  "Because because," she stammered. "Billy, could you want to kill little old me because of a few billion dollars?" she asked. "Yes, ma'am," Billy said shakily. "I want to live on my own, with my own money.  "Do you know what would happen if you were dead, Billy?" she asked softly. "Your money and palace would go to me. I would rather like to live in a palace, Billy. I think I should kill you. After all, you tried to kill me. Fair's fair, isn't it?  "Stepmother!" Billy cried.  No!" "I'm sorry, Billy," she said, not sounding sorry at all. In an expert move, she twisted his neck. As Billy slumped to the floor, she smiled. She had after all, been a professional killer in her time. It was good to see that she had not lost her touch. At the funeral of William David Drake, many people were there. They were all sorry, especially the girls, that they had lost such a promising young man. His neck had been broken by a fall down the steps. He had been found by his stepmother who had been hysterical. She had loved him so, everybody said amongst themselves. She had refused to talk to anybody. The poor woman was heartbroken. Yeah, right. She didn't want to talk to anybody because she was afraid that she would laugh in their faces. "Poor Billy," she mused. "I wonder what's happening to him now? 

<\tphyldoc>

Once upon a time in a prosperous kingdom, King Edward and Queen Salina ruled. They were very kind rulers and were loved by their people. They had one son, Prince Charles. They were proud of how their prince was turning out; handsome, smart, skilled and kind. He was always eager to learn and excelled in all those subjects he learned. As usual, in those times, the royalty usually did not come down to the town unless for a grand occasion, so the subjects did not get many chances to see the prince closely. But they loved him for his qualities that were passed down through gossip. All in all, the King and Queen were happy with the atmosphere. They only had one wish remaining. They wished that their 18 year old prince would marry soon and take up his duties as the King. They had their son late in their marriage and were old enough now to wish to give up their duties. All they wanted now was peace and some grandchildren. Price Charles was very dedicated to his duties. He loved his kingdom and was determined to care for it like his parents. So he studied hard and learned well. He was taught many arts that a prince should be aware of, like painting, fencing, literature, politics, archery, horse-riding, and many more. Though he was sufficiently skilled in all of them, his favorite was fencing. He was very much loved by the people who worked in the castle, be it maids or soldiers. His closest friend and confident was his Page, Alex. He grew up along with him, and they liked and trusted each other very much. Prince Charles had one habit which was only known to Alex. He would go into the town in disguise every now and then. He insisted that he would know of the troubles of his people and any other news only when he would be among them. Alex was always wheedled into assisting him in his outings; be it as providing a cover, lending him clothes or pretending to be prince himself. Though Alex always acted as if he was against his outings, it was only in humor. He was actually very proud of his Prince. Of course, Prince Charles knew this. Prince Charles knew of his parents' wishes too. But he was unwilling to marry someone just for the sake of it. Impressed by his kind mother, he wanted to marry someone who would be kind to her subjects, clever in her talks, and most of all, see him as a person she loved. He wanted a wife with whom he could share his thoughts, happiness and grief. He wanted a wife who would not hesitate to say her opinion to him, and who would not fawn over him unnecessarily. He knew that he would be pursued and flattered by many just for his title; he did not want his wife to be amongst them. He wanted someone whom he trusted and loved. In the same Kingdom, lived Lord Richard. He was from a wealthy family who were flourished in their business. His marriage to Kristen was arranged by the parents. Though he was not that close to her, he was a faithful and dedicated husband. Soon, they had a girl, Cinderella. As Richard was away on business many times a year, sometimes for longer intervals, Cinderella grew up with her mother. Kristen loved Cinderella. She dedicated her life to her daughter. So, Cinderella grew up to be a kind, joyful, optimistic and a person easy to love. She was a cute kid who grew up to be a beautiful girl. She was also very inquisitive person. Since she could learn, she wanted to know many things, like how you cook, how you heal, how you read, how you dance, and so on. Their maid, an elder lady named Marietta, and Kristen, both were delighted to teach her so. Kristen knew about plants, herbs and natural healing, and she was favorable to Cinderella knowing them. Marietta was happy to have Cinderella in the kitchen or outside when she worked, for she provided a joyful company. Soon as she grew older, she let Cinderella help her in her tasks when the child wanted to, and was always playful with her. Tragedy struck when Cinderella was 14. Kristen became very ill and was bed ridden. When the doctors inspected her, they said that she had a fatal disease and would not live for long. In those final days, Cinderella took great care of her mother. The last words of her mother would always be etched in her heart. "Cinderella, my sweet daughter! Kindness and positive outlook are choices. Though they are not always easy, they are the best ones. They would never let you down. But that does not mean you turn into an innocent naive girl. You need to be smart to walk safely out of the challenges that life would definitely throw at you. Be happy, my darling, and always try to make the ones you like happy too.  Thus Cinderella lost her mother. Lord Richard remained distant with Cinderella after that, so the only one who would keep her company was Marietta. She loved going to town with her maid, and her sweet nature won the hearts of many who came across her. Soon she was a favorite in the market, and they felt their day brighten if Cinderella came to town. In one of his outings, Lord Richard fell in love with Lady Diana. She was a widow with two daughters near the age as Cinderella. He married her and brought the three ladies along with him to his home. Cinderella had just turned 17 then. Lady Diana was an attractive and educated lady. But she was indifferent to those she considered to be of lower standard than her. She did love her second husband, but not his first daughter. Her own daughters, Catherine and Jeanne, were two lovely yet spoiled pair of sisters. While Jeanne was the same age as Cinderella, Catherin was an year older. She loved them dearly, and was determined that she would select the best matches for her daughters for marriage. When she arrived at Richard's town, she resolved to herself that she would marry one of her daughters to the Prince Charles. Sadly, Cinderella was pushed aside. When Richard was present, she would at least get the chance to sit with them at their meals or in the living room. But in his absence, she was told to stay away. She was not even talked to unless Diana or the girls wanted something from her. When they discovered that she was good at stuff like sewing and cooking, she was assigned those tasks whenever possible. Marietta used to help and care for Cinderella, but unfortunately, she fell sick and was fired from the job. Diana cajoled her husband into believing that she was capable of doing the household jobs herself and that they do not need any servants in the house. But whenever the stepmother thought the father wasn't noticing, the household jobs like cooking, sewing and laundry were assigned to Cinderella. We would never know whether Richard noticed his first daughter's slavery or not, but he never once questioned if he did. Cinderella soon set up a routine for herself. She would wake up early in the morning as per the order of her stepmother prepare the breakfast. After her father had left for the day, she would do the laundry and lunch, and then go into the town in any shopping was required. Preparation of supper on time was her responsibility too, and so was the cleaning of the dishes after every meal. Richard left early after breakfast for his business and arrived home for supper, so the stepmother had a free reign of the house for most of the day. She pampered her daughters and ordered her stepdaughter around. Our story starts here when Lord Richard was leaving on his first long trip after his second marriage. "This will be a long trip dear Diana. I will try to finish my work as fast as I can, but it would definitely take months before they will be completed. I hope you will be able to take care of yourself and our daughters till then.  "Oh Richard, of course I will take care of my daughters. You be safe and come back home profitably. Take care of your health and write whenever you can.  "Of course darling." He kissed his wife sweetly. Then he turned to his three daughters. "Be safe and take care of yourselves, my daughters. I would like to return to three dignified daughters of my house. You know that you three are now of age right for marriage, and I want to find the best matches for you. That is, if your mother hasn't already found them for you before I return." He joked at the end, making Catherine and Jeanne giggle. Cinderella smiled sadly, for all the while he was speaking, only once did he look at her. His attention was on his step-daughters. She consoled herself that he at least included her in his farewell; that he did not forget her. He bid farewell soon and his carriage left for the docks. Her life changed the very same day. She was openly ordered to prepare supper and then made to wait for the step family to finish their meal before she could have hers. After all the cleaning up, she returned to her room only to find all her things lying outside the door. Catherin and Jeanne were standing by her things, giggling. "You know, we had a big wardrobe in our previous house to store all our gowns and accessories." Catherin said in a sing-song haughty voice, which Jeanne copied next. "Yes, about the size of your room. We were very disappointed to not find one here.  "So we are converting your room into one, Cinderella.  Cinderella was confused, "But where will I sleep then?  The answer came from behind her, from her stepmother, "The kitchen would always have place there, but I am being kind and giving you the whole attic to yourself. Move your things upstairs tonight and you will sleep there from now on. Hurry up now, you have a lot to work in the morning.  "But " Cinderella tried to protest, for which she received a hard glared from Diana. "DO NOT speak back to me, Cinderella. Understand that until your father returns, I am the mistress of this house. I could very well remove you from this house without a penny. Where would that leave you?  "You cannot do that .  "Oh believe me I can. It would be very easy to convince your father and the people that you stole a family heirloom from me, or even trick you into mistake against the throne. Then throwing you out will be easy. Now, don't waste my time. Get moving. The girls and I are going to the town for buying new dresses, so make sure that the breakfast is served right on time. The rest of your works, you will spread out through the day. Understood?  Cinderella bowed her head to hide her tears, "yes madam.  When she first entered the attic, it was dusty and full of cobwebs, but she fell in love with the room. It was a private and isolated, had a gentle breeze flowing throughout the day, and the view from the window showed a vast expanse of woods with the castle standing far away. It was beautiful view indeed. It took a couple of days, but the attic was dust free soon and Cinderella felt her room as a refuge as well as a sanctuary. Going to the town became her favorite activity. She was always eager to go there, for she could meet people who smiled at her and were kind to her. Whenever she would have some spare time, she would spend it either in her room reading the books her mother left her (the step family wanted nothing to do with them, so they gave it to her) or in the woods next to the house. She worked diligently and enjoyed her time alone. When possible, she would assist the people in the market with odd jobs. The townsfolk were always happy to have her with them, and would spare her coins or treats whenever she helped them. Cinderella's outfit soon changed to work clothes at home and a simple cotton gown when visiting the town. This was because the stepmother refused to give her any money for repairs of torn clothes or for buying new ones. Even after all these, Cinderella never let a frown on her face or sadness in her heart. She stuck to her mother's last words and held hope that this was just a challenge life has thrown at her; that if she stayed positive and strong, she will have a happy life.

<\tphyldoc>
Cinderella looked at the prince as he slipped on the glass slipper. The prince carried her to their carriage and set her inside. As they drove off he stared her in the eyes and said,  "When we get home my beauty, you can clean the dishes and mop the floors. And in our future you will write out my great speeches and bear our children .4 boys. And than you will     Cinderella slapped the carriage driver behind his head. "Well fuck that!" she yelled.  With that Cinderella pulled off her wig to reveal her long black hair with red streaks. " I have better shit to do!   And with that Cinderella became a great lawyer and sued her stepmother for killing off her father and for child endangerment and for going against child labor laws. The stepmother and evil stepsisters live inside a prison. As for Cinderella, she lives in California in a huge mansion with a hot husband who treats her like a Queen. And she lived happily ever after.

<\tphyldoc>

Hi! My name is Perpalya. I live in a pumpkin patch. I am a pumpkin  but I prefer to call myself an 'orange veggie'. It's sounds  so  much better, don't you think? As I said, I live in a pumpkin patch  or used to. Now I live next to one. I am  or was  a rich golden hue. My mother was  slightly pale, an albino and my father was from the south and extremely tanned. I was a mixture of both colors and a bright yellowy golden shade. I won ten pumpkin contests for best shade, without even having to be removed from my vine! I always knew I was destined for stardom, but I never thought it would be so subtle. I am Cinderella's Pumpkin  orange veggie. You see, it was in the middle of a warm summer night and this rude, fat, old woman comes along and points this stick at me. Them she started singing in some kind of gibberish, about bippity-boos or something. Suddenly I was flying through the air and I was expanding. All that dieting for nothing! Then all of a sudden I was hollow; with wheels and a little bench thingy. Now, imagine how I felt, having to bear the indignity of being sat  in . The fat old woman yelled something about 12:00 pm (that early?) and then this girl with tons of itchy blond hair climbed in. She obviously had  not  been dieting, or maybe she was just really tall, but she was  heavy.  And to add to my discomfort these men climbed in and someone attached horses to my front. Then I started bumping up and down all over the place. The wheels seemed to be designed to get in every single rut. Finally we got to this huge house and I was pushed among all these wooden square things on wheels. The horses stayed in front of me and just generally smelled. And we were there for  hours , perhaps even days. Finally I heard this big tolling sound and I felt myself shrinking. I began to sigh with relief when I realized that not only were the horses turning into little disgusting mice, but I was falling in the dust. That couldn't have been good for my pores! I sat in that dust for another hour and almost got squashed. Contrary to popular belief, I wasn't run over, but it was a near thing. It had begun to get cold and the sprinklers had gone on when the old woman, looking rather drunk, came (or rather staggered) back. She had been muttering something about Cinderella's slipper and having stayed out at the club too long when she saw me on the ground. I'm assuming she took pity on me, or it could just have been some kind of a cruel, twisted joke, and she waved her stick at me again. This time I became a human girl. And I was right about the dust thing because I had pimples. The woman helped me up, summoned clothes for me (it wasn't like I automatically had them!) and told me to go home. I had no idea what she meant until she sighed and zapped me back to the field where I had lived. The farmer adopted me, and I don't want to get into the rest of my life because I had acne and it was depressing. However, before I died I wrote this down and had it buried beside me so that you will know the true story. Or perhaps the other story. Or maybe just a story someone made up for English Class because they were required to. But regardless of what it is, remember this: Before you lie in the dust for an hour, make sure there is a working shower that will be available in the next day or so, not the next millennia.

<\tphyldoc>

Her real name is Charlotte Ingrid Natasha Donna Eliza Rachel Emma Laura Louise Annabelle and she lived with her dad in there rather big home. Her dad spoilt her rotten so when she was seven he decided to buy her a mother and two sisters. This family picture was not perfect Charlotte's stepmother and sisters were in an English Cult named "The Mafia" and the stepmother seemed to be the boss. Aged eight Charlotte's world fell into a hole of mean less nothings her father was murdered by concrete boots into a deep lake. Cinderella as she was now known as was taunted by her Ugly sisters had to be the chef/cleaner/maid/dogs body. By The aged at 18 Cinderella had tried committing suicide twice and had been bulimic fourteen times and she looks like a stick. She has hundreds of pounds in Psychiatric bills and cannot afford to pay them. Aged 19 a party has been arranged at the King's palace to see if his son Prince Gerald could find a suitable wife. Cinderella has a huge Crush on Prince Gerald he is one of those men you always find on the front of magazines. Well an invitation had arrived for all the ladies at the house to attend well guess what!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Cinderella cannot attend Surprise Surprise. So these little rats that lived in her house and liked her as she stopped the cat Lucifer attacking and eating them as a light lunch helped her to make a dress. Surprise surprise this got 'ruined' by one of the Ugly Sister spilling tea/coffee/tomato ketchup and any other condiments on it. Cinderella was rejected emotionally and went to sit in her favourite place, the pumpkin patch where she was crying but crying at the end of a night time rainbow and a fairy godmother came down and changed her from bulimic to a decent weight. She rode in a carriage made from a bird box (I know It was a pumpkin but the fairy had to improvise as it is winter) and the horses were the horrible little greasy rats. She arrived at the Party looking radiant. The Prince had organised a raffle into the woman that would tame him and Cinderella won and was taken from the horrible place that was her home. The Ugly sisters who looked exceedingly ugly today were horrified as there slave had a husband and POWER! They ran to Afghanistan where they are living in a cave hoping no one would find them as they found a proper mirror and looked in it. The Stepmother has become a hired killer and I warn you now she might turn up on your doorstep out of spite because you know this story. Cinderella is very happy she has had fourteen kids all born normal weight and she has moved up from a size six to a size eight. Now the prince he is playing away from home a lot and has got two other women pregnant but what he doesn't know is that Charley as she is now known is playing away with his sister and having a whole load of fun at the expense of him as he owns/ pays her credit card. A lesbian marriage will soon be on the cards