MANY, many years ago lived an emperor, who thought so much of new clothes that he spent all his money in order to obtain them; his only ambition was to be always well dressed. He did not care for his soldiers, and the theatre did not amuse him; the only thing, in fact, he thought anything of was to drive out and show a new suit of clothes. He had a coat for every hour of the day; and as one would say of a king  He is in his cabinet,  so one could say of him,  The emperor is in his dressing-room. 

The great city where he resided was very gay; every day many strangers from all parts of the globe arrived. One day two swindlers came to this city; they made people believe that they were weavers, and declared they could manufacture the finest cloth to be imagined. Their colours and patterns, they said, were not only exceptionally beautiful, but the clothes made of their material possessed the wonderful quality of being invisible to any man who was unfit for his office or unpardonably stupid.
 That must be wonderful cloth,  thought the emperor.  If I were to be dressed in a suit made of this cloth I should be able to find out which men in my empire were unfit for their places, and I could distinguish the clever from the stupid. I must have this cloth woven for me without delay.  And he gave a large sum of money to the swindlers, in advance, that they should set to work without any loss of time. They set up two looms, and pretended to be very hard at work, but they did nothing whatever on the looms. They asked for the finest silk and the most precious gold-cloth; all they got they did away with, and worked at the empty looms till late at night.
 I should very much like to know how they are getting on with the cloth,  thought the emperor. But he felt rather uneasy when he remembered that he who was not fit for his office could not see it. Personally, he was of opinion that he had nothing to fear, yet he thought it advisable to send somebody else first to see how matters stood. Everybody in the town knew what a remarkable quality the stuff possessed, and all were anxious to see how bad or stupid their neighbours were.
 I shall send my honest old minister to the weavers,  thought the emperor.  He can judge best how the stuff looks, for he is intelligent, and nobody understands his office better than he. 
The good old minister went into the room where the swindlers sat before the empty looms.  Heaven preserve us!  he thought, and opened his eyes wide,  I cannot see anything at all,  but he did not say so. Both swindlers requested him to come near, and asked him if he did not admire the exquisite pattern and the beautiful colours, pointing to the empty looms. The poor old minister tried his very best, but he could see nothing, for there was nothing to be seen.  Oh dear,  he thought,  can I be so stupid? I should never have thought so, and nobody must know it! Is it possible that I am not fit for my office? No, no, I cannot say that I was unable to see the cloth. 
 Now, have you got nothing to say?  said one of the swindlers, while he pretended to be busily weaving.
 Oh, it is very pretty, exceedingly beautiful,  replied the old minister looking through his glasses.  What a beautiful pattern, what brilliant colours! I shall tell the emperor that I like the cloth very much. 
 We are pleased to hear that,  said the two weavers, and described to him the colours and explained the curious pattern. The old minister listened attentively, that he might relate to the emperor what they said; and so he did.
Now the swindlers asked for more money, silk and gold-cloth, which they required for weaving. They kept everything for themselves, and not a thread came near the loom, but they continued, as hitherto, to work at the empty looms.
Soon afterwards the emperor sent another honest courtier to the weavers to see how they were getting on, and if the cloth was nearly finished. Like the old minister, he looked and looked but could see nothing, as there was nothing to be seen.
 Is it not a beautiful piece of cloth?  asked the two swindlers, showing and explaining the magnificent pattern, which, however, did not exist.
 I am not stupid,  said the man.  It is therefore my good appointment for which I am not fit. It is very strange, but I must not let any one know it;  and he praised the cloth, which he did not see, and expressed his joy at the beautiful colours and the fine pattern.  It is very excellent,  he said to the emperor.
Everybody in the whole town talked about the precious cloth. At last the emperor wished to see it himself, while it was still on the loom. With a number of courtiers, including the two who had already been there, he went to the two clever swindlers, who now worked as hard as they could, but without using any thread.
 Is it not magnificent?  said the two old statesmen who had been there before.  Your Majesty must admire the colours and the pattern.  And then they pointed to the empty looms, for they imagined the others could see the cloth.
 What is this?  thought the emperor,  I do not see anything at all. That is terrible! Am I stupid? Am I unfit to be emperor? That would indeed be the most dreadful thing that could happen to me. 
 Really,  he said, turning to the weavers,  your cloth has our most gracious approval;  and nodding contentedly he looked at the empty loom, for he did not like to say that he saw nothing. All his attendants, who were with him, looked and looked, and although they could not see anything more than the others, they said, like the emperor,  It is very beautiful.  And all advised him to wear the new magnificent clothes at a great procession which was soon to take place.  It is magnificent, beautiful, excellent,  one heard them say; everybody seemed to be delighted, and the emperor appointed the two swindlers  Imperial Court weavers. 
The whole night previous to the day on which the procession was to take place, the swindlers pretended to work, and burned more than sixteen candles. People should see that they were busy to finish the emperor s new suit. They pretended to take the cloth from the loom, and worked about in the air with big scissors, and sewed with needles without thread, and said at last:  The emperor s new suit is ready now. 
The emperor and all his barons then came to the hall; the swindlers held their arms up as if they held something in their hands and said:  These are the trousers!   This is the coat!  and  Here is the cloak!  and so on.  They are all as light as a cobweb, and one must feel as if one had nothing at all upon the body; but that is just the beauty of them. 
 Indeed!  said all the courtiers; but they could not see anything, for there was nothing to be seen.
 Does it please your Majesty now to graciously undress,  said the swindlers,  that we may assist your Majesty in putting on the new suit before the large looking-glass? 
The emperor undressed, and the swindlers pretended to put the new suit upon him, one piece after another; and the emperor looked at himself in the glass from every side.
 How well they look! How well they fit!  said all.  What a beautiful pattern! What fine colours! That is a magnificent suit of clothes! 
The master of the ceremonies announced that the bearers of the canopy, which was to be carried in the procession, were ready.
 I am ready,  said the emperor.  Does not my suit fit me marvellously?  Then he turned once more to the looking-glass, that people should think he admired his garments.
The chamberlains, who were to carry the train, stretched their hands to the ground as if they lifted up a train, and pretended to hold something in their hands; they did not like people to know that they could not see anything.
The emperor marched in the procession under the beautiful canopy, and all who saw him in the street and out of the windows exclaimed:  Indeed, the emperor s new suit is incomparable! What a long train he has! How well it fits him!  Nobody wished to let others know he saw nothing, for then he would have been unfit for his office or too stupid. Never emperor s clothes were more admired.
 But he has nothing on at all,  said a little child at last.  Good heavens! listen to the voice of an innocent child,  said the father, and one whispered to the other what the child had said.  But he has nothing on at all,  cried at last the whole people. That made a deep impression upon the emperor, for it seemed to him that they were right; but he thought to himself,  Now I must bear up to the end.  And the chamberlains walked with still greater dignity, as if they carried the train which did not exist.

<\tphyldoc>

"There's only three minutes left," Kijima murmured, glancing at the clock and then at his watch, to confirm the time. "She's going to be late   "She'll be on time," Ren replied calmly."If you're so sure, why not take the bet?  Ren flicked a hand and shrugged a shoulder, indicating his disinterest. A gentleman did not make a woman the subject of a wager.
"Two minutes," Kijima updated half a minute later, annoying Ren, who automatically put on a good-natured smile. Those moments when one was angriest or most irritated were the moments when one most needed  to smile. "She'll be here," he repeated and was interrupted by the rattling of the thin windows in the wall that separated the Dark Moon filming studio from the hall. Everyone glanced over, as they were in the process of changing the set and thus any of the cast who were already ready had nothing to do, and they caught a glimpse of fiery hair and a slender body glad in brilliant deep orange, flying by at light speed. Kyoko Mogami streamed around the corner, inline skates flashing as she gave one last push, moving wide in an attempt to halt her incredible momentum. She went into a long dive, skidding ten feet across the smooth concrete floor on what appeared to be a vinyl-clad hip. Everyone stared. "I m-made it!" she said breathlessly, desperately yanking at the fastenings of her skates. There was a cheer from everyone who had bet that Kyoko would make it on time in spite of her having been filming a new job at Studio 10 only twenty minutes earlier an amount of time in which no one could have come on foot to Studio 3. Even on inline skates, it had to have been nearly impossible. But as Ren had predicted, she had made it even if it  was  by the skin of her teeth. But  "What is she  wearing ?" Yashiro gaped, standing just to Ren's right. Even Kijima Hidehito was gawking. "Wh-what kind of commercial was she hired to do? My god!  Ren could not answer him, because his brain could not process Kyoko's appearance and Yashiro's comment at the same time. He'd been amazed twice, now, by how easily Kyoko could be made spectacular with pretty clothing and a bit of make-up, but neither time had been so shocking. When he looked at her now, she seemed like a different person entirely. She was wearing clip-in extensions of several brilliant shades of orange and red, blending into the coppery layers of her own hair seamlessly and adding extra body and movement, making it look as though her head was wreathed not in hair, but in fire. She also wore smoky eye make-up in deep blood red and gold that exaggerated the size and shape of her eyes, and there were misty streaks of swirling red, orange and gold sparkles at her temples, making her look otherworldly, like a fire elemental. Her clothes were most shocking of all, as they were so unlike anything Kyoko had in her own wardrobe. She wore a one-piece short-suit in bright orange vinyl that was not only skin tight, but which bared most of her back, all of her legs, and two inch streaks down the entirety of each side, where suit laced up. It was modest in the chest area, as no cleavage was bared, but everything else was prominently on display. "Wow," Kijima said blankly. "I know I said that Mio could never be especially charming, but who could ever have realized that she was hiding such amazing pins under those long skirts? Wait how old is Kyoko-chan, again?  Don't call her Kyoko-chan like you're her friend , Ren thought, annoyed. Kijima called all the girls by 'chan', but he had mostly ignored Kyoko up until now. Of course, it was very hard to ignore Kyoko as she was today Ren couldn't even look away. Kijima was right, of course Kyoko had lovely legs: slender, firm, and shapely. But Ren had realized that long ago, being the sort of man who as more drawn to the overall line of a woman's body rather than specific body parts. Kyoko's daintily athletic figure suited his taste nicely, but it certainly was not a very showy body type, and had to be deliberately played up in order to be shown to its best advantage. Kyoko had always worn modest clothing. Even her school uniform was modest she had never folded the skirt up at the waist to make it shorter, like most high-school girls did. As strange as it was in someone trying to become a celebrity, Kyoko was not an attention-seeker and she was never eager for male attention. She was definitely getting it, today. Even Ren could not blame the cast and crew for looking Kyoko was  mesmerizing  in that fiery get-up, and so shockingly unlike her normal self that it seemed unreal. The shorts were so short that her backside was barely covered, and her pretty legs could be seen all the way up to the very top of her thighs, which were just as firm as the lower part of her legs. Her arms and back were small and lean as well, and the whole effect was wonderfully feminine. Itsumi Momose was helping Kyoko pull off one of her skates as she did the other, frantically trying to be ready on time even though she would have to change from head to toe, and get rid of the extensions and the dramatic make-up. Director Ogata hurried over to her, helped her pick out a knotted extension, and said something that relaxed her completely, making her smile in relief as she got back to her feet, grabbing up her things to go to the back of the set, toward the lockers. "Do you know what the commercial she's doing is for?" Yashiro wanted to know. "Did you  see  her?  "It's for Bridgestone Cycle Co," Ren replied, still rather numb, trying to figure out what he should be thinking. "A new bicycle model. That's all I know." Suddenly he pulled out his phone and started typing away, searching the net. "It looks like they're releasing a new model this month called 'Phoenix FYT III' that must be the one she's promoting.  "Must be," Yashiro agreed. "That outfit certainly was effective in giving the impression of a mythical fire-bird.  "I have to see that again," Kijima said suddenly, and went in the direction Kyoko had gone. Ren followed him immediately. Kijima was not a  bad  person, but he certainly wasn't the sort of man he would trust to deal well with someone like Kyoko and his motives were never innocent. "Yashiro-san, could you please reschedule my appointments this weekend so that I don't have any work after 9pm?" Ren asked absently, his attention ahead of him. Yashiro looked up at Ren in dismay; if there were going to be drama, Yashiro would want a front-row seat. "Alright," he agreed reluctantly, and fell back, allowing Ren to hurry ahead to the open locker area, where Kyoko was taking out her extensions one by one and setting them on the top shelf of her locker. Kijima was examining her with his head cocked, as though she were some fascinating new species of bird and several of the crew were gawking at her as well, as though they had no idea what to make of her. Ren wanted to talk to her, but couldn't see how to broach the topic he wanted to discuss when there were all of these people around. Kyoko dropped one of her extensions, muttered something about being clumsy, and bent over to pick it up. Kijima's eyes widened. Ren's narrowed. This was an emergency situation. Kyoko heard Kijima Hidehito's voice calling her name, and looked to her left to answer him, only to see him casting her an alarmed look and shaking his head, scooting off to the side and out of the locker area abruptly. She frowned and turned her attention back to the little mirror at the back of her locker, picking at another extension. It was lucky that director Ogata was so nice and had said that scene 23 could easily be filmed ahead of her scene so that she would have more time to get ready. "Kyo-" a male voice began, only to trail off suddenly, making Kyoko look up again, only to find that the whole locker area had cleared out, which was strange. It had been busy only a few minutes before, hadn't it? She looked around curiously as she pulled another extension free, and was surprised to see Ren walking toward her, his stride unusually leisurely. He was much closer than she'd expected, and she raised her eyes to his face, looking to judge his motives and mood before she opened her mouth to greet him and gasped. His eyes were more heavily lidded than usual as he looked down at her, his expression relaxed, almost indolent. His eyes were dark and burned with a strange intensity that she had come to know and fear. She was looking into the eyes of the Emperor of the Night and he was standing  extremely  close to her. "Can I help you with that, Mogami-san?" he asked, his low voice soft and luxurious. She felt like a plump and juicy bunny that had just unwittingly hopped right into the jaws of a ravenous wolf. Goosebumps ripped along the entire length of her body as she stared up at him in shock. Wh-what's the  Emperor  doing here? Why should he be looking at me like that?  She squealed even inside her own brain, panicking with all her might.  What do I do? I can't handle this guy at  all ! "Turn around," he spoke again, his tone insistently velvety. He didn't wait for her to obey, and instead put his hands on her shoulders, his fingers wrapping around them almost delicately as he turned her firmly around. Somehow his fingers trailed across her arm as he withdrew his hands again, but she got no chance to be freaked out about it, because it was trumped completely by what he did next. His fingers slid under her hair at the base of her neck, the backs of them sliding up the back of her neck, to her nape, and into her hair, sinuously weaving over her scalp until they located the first extension, which he removed smoothly. His fingers reached into her hair again, drawing out another extension, and another, his fingers always brushing her neck and scalp in a way that seemed far too deliberate and intimate. "That's quite the outfit, Mogami-san," he murmured, his breath soft on her ear. Her  goosebumps  had goosebumps.  What do I dooooo?  she wondered again, frantically wracking her brain for an answer but she was paralysed. "I-it's for the commercial I'm doing for Bridgestone," she squeaked, as if mundane details could insulate her from the surrealism of the situation. "For the ph-phoenix FYT II model.  "Mm," he replied, his finger flicking up over her ear and grazing her cheek as he caught an extension just above her right temple. "You certainly look like some fabulous creature of legend. An outfit like this can't help but command attention. There, that's the last of the extensions. And what about this? Such a thorough job," his thumb stroked up over her temple, removing some of the silky glitter. "And this lip colour? What's that called?" His index finger drew across her lip with slow, excruciating deliberateness. Kyoko's stomach was whirling so hard it was a wonder she was still on her feet her heart was throbbing at a rate that ought to have sent her unconscious. "S-s-siren," she gasped, her entire body a fire of embarrassment, anxiety, and some other elusive and horribly confusing emotion that she could neither identify nor describe, and which her mind shied away from completely. "Well-named," said that seductive voice. "And you came all the way from Studio 10, dressed like this." It was more of a statement than a question. As the Emperor was a creature of unadulterated seduction, it sounded sexy rather than accusatory but Kyoko felt called upon to defend herself all the same. "I d-didn't have time to change, Tsuruga-san I only had twenty minutes to get here." She was about to hyperventilate. "I can see how that would be difficult. Well, it can't be helped, then, if you draw attention to yourself. Though you should be prepared for men whose self-control falters so that they act on their interest, right Mogami-san?" She could feel the heat of his body hovering against the bare skin of her back. He bent further over her, his mouth dropping level with her earlobe. "But perhaps you don't  mind  the attention?" he suggested, so close to her that his cheek brushed hers for an instant, just a tingling whisper of skin across skin. Every alarm bell in Kyoko's mind, body and soul was clattering uproariously. "Th-that's not it!" she squealed involuntarily. "I was just in such a hurry I didn't think of I didn't realize " she sought desperately for the way out of this situation. "I-I I'll wear a jacket next time!  "A jacket?" The Emperor sounded idly intrigued, and Kyoko leapt on this hopefully. "A l-long jacket with a front tie that will cover the whole thing!" she insisted frantically. "I never thought of bringing it but I have one at home!  "Oh," the Emperor replied, but he was fast retreating, his personality submerging beneath the calm, laid-back manners of Ren Tsuruga. She glanced backwards with extreme caution, and saw him with his head cocked thoughtfully. He took a casual step backwards, and nodded, smiling. "You know, Mogami-san, that does sound like a good idea. I understand dressing for a job, but wearing the clothing outside of the shoot can give people the wrong idea about the sort of person you are. You have to be careful.  I do, I do, I really, really,  really  do!  Kyoko nodded rapidly in complete agreement. "I'll definitely bring it next time!" she swore, and meant it. Her pulse was only barely beginning to slow, but she was intensely relieved at the return of her senpai's normal gentlemanly aura. "I'd hate to see you develop new stalkers, Mogami-san," he smiled gently. "Please do bring it, next time. Well, I have to check on Yashiro-san to see if he was able to rearrange my schedule, so unless you need anything else ?  "No, no, I'm fine," she fluttered her hand in a negating gesture. "I'll think things through more clearly next time, Tsuruga-san.  "Very good," he nodded, and turned, walking away without any further incident. Running to the changing area, Kyoko yanked at the laces of her vinyl short-suit as she went, never more eager to get out of a costume in her life. A small, quiet part of her mind wanted very much to know what on earth had just happened but the majority of her was just so relieved that it was safely over that it told that little part to just shut up and be grateful. Ren listened to Yashiro recite his newly-adjusted schedule with detachment, watching with mixed feelings as Kyoko came out dressed in Mio's latest costume a long-sleeved sweater and a nearly ankle-length layered skirt. Some of the men who usually didn't give her a glance were peeking at her covertly but no one made a move, and the fascination had passed and would likely be forgotten in the busyness of the day. As long as this wasn't a repeat situation, things would return to normal. Of course, it was obvious by Kyoko's nervous glances in his direction that he now had damage control to do, but  Emergency situations can call for drastic methods , he reminded himself. If pulling out a hidden aspect of his personality would keep her from ever wearing that outfit in public again, it was worth it. But even though now safely submerged, the Emperor still managed to put forth a final thought. He didn't want her to wear that thing in public again, but  I wonder if she gets to keep it after the commercial is done.

<\tphyldoc>

When the twins first proposed it, Tamaki had readily agreed. Kyouya hadn't objected because he had been busy tallying the amount of revenue such a venture could potentially bring and it was substantial, to be sure. After all, it's not everyday that the progenies of the Hitachiin clan offer their personal styling services. And really, who could have refused such a plaintive cry for attention and praise? Or so one Tamaki Suoh thought when he proudly announced the Host Club's Spring Fashion Show. Haruhi, on the other hand, remained highly suspicious of the twins' covert actions. Though they claimed to be working tirelessly on their latest line, she felt uneasy about the sly smiles they exchanged with each other when they thought no one was looking. Unfortunately, any attempt to investigate the going-ons inside the extra dressing room was blocked as the twins kept it locked--guarded with their personal attendants. Since none of the other club members were particularly eager to snoop around, Haruhi sighed and resolved to wait and see what crazy scheme the twins had cooked up this time. Her curiosity was not left hanging long because a week after Tamaki's announcement, the much anticipated fashion show finally arrived. Kyouya was busy collecting tickets while Hunny and Mori were escorting guests into seats which had been specially set out for the fashion show. With Tamaki as the male model, tickets had sold out very quickly, forcing many girls to either blackmail or bribe their peers to secure a seat. Luckily there had been no missing persons report filed yet. Haruhi was kept busy weaving through the crowd of well-dressed women handing out flutes of pricy champagne, still unable to shake the feeling of discomfiture. The feeling of anxiousness grew when the lights dimmed and the excited chatter died down as students hurried to take their seats. The stage lights turned on, cuing the start of the fashion show and the twins walked out in a dramatic display of smoke and colored lights to the applause of the audience. "Welcome and thank you for coming," they bowed simultaneously. "There has been much speculation about the newest Hitachiin line," one of the twins began smoothly, as the audience full of women sat hanging on his every word. "And we're here to show you that it lives up to even the wildest rumor," his brother finished, with a wink. There were some titters as a first year girl fainted in the back. "Today, we unveil a company secret so closely guarded that no one outside of ourselves and the president has heard of it," Kaoru announced. "The Emperor's cloth.  "What might that be, you ask?" Hikaru asked in a low stage whisper. "The Emperor's cloth is special silk spun by rare silkworms that have been raised by the holiest dervishes in India. The cloth has been blessed by mystics and colored with royal dye to make the intricate patterns more vibrant and beautiful.  "Furthermore, the holy properties of the silk and dye render the cloth invisible to all, except those with the purest and noblest of hearts," Kaoru continued solemnly, picking up from where his brother left off. "We are excited to have such a gathering of pure and noble hearted ladies, able to gaze upon the Emperor's cloth and appreciate its magnificent beauty.  "We worked day and night without rest to make a magnificent wardrobe worth of our Tono.  "We are now pleased to present our newest collection: The Emperor," they finished simultaneously. Both stepped back with a flourish to reveal a regal looking Tamaki clad with nothing but his  "Boxers?" one girl in the front whispered loudly to her neighbor. "Don't be silly," another girl murmured. "He's obviously wearing the Emperor's cloth.  "But I don't  see  it," someone else complained. She was immediately shushed by her friend. One by one, each girl blushed as they realized that they could not see the wondrous cloth that made up Tamaki's clothing. Each tried to think what could have made her heart so black and wicked that she could not see even see such a simple thing as the Emperor's cloth. At this point, Tamaki was looking at the audience in a rather concerned manner. The twins had assured him that the clothes were very beautiful. He, himself, had been unable to see it either, but he could bear to disappoint his devoted subjects by admitting his descent into evil. So he had chosen the lesser of two evils and lied. But now, he was wondering if that had been such a wise decision. If the audience couldn't see anything then that meant he was standing in front of a room full of ladies clad in nothing but his  "Ahem," Haruhi coughed to get everyone's attention. "I must say that the twins have outdone themselves with their latest piece of work. The dress shirt with lace ruffles and intricate gold threading goes very well with the midnight blue trousers stitched with silver patterns, wouldn't you agree ladies?  The girls showed visible signs of relief, grateful for having something to work with, and began to loudly praise the Hitachiin twins' genius and impeccable taste. "I wouldn't have believed it, if I hadn't seen it myself.  "I wonder if I can get one specially made   "Truly a work of art!  Amidst the clamoring and calls for an encore from the audience, Tamaki discreetly turned to the twins and whispered, "I thought you said this was a green pullover? 

<\tphyldoc>

They're clearing out closet space in the room that becomes Erik's at the mansion when the decree is made: "You dress like a geriatric man, Charles," Erik snorts, palming through a row of meticulously organized   via both color and texture   sweater vests. "Is professor-chic 'in' in Westchester this year?  "I like my clothes," Charles laughs, picking up a stray garment that Erik has seen fit to toss on the floor. "They're comfortable.  "They make you look old," Erik retorts. He stops decimating the pile of vests   it's hilarious to him that this is actually the overflow from Charles' own room; Erik is kind of chuffed that Charles has given him his childhood bedroom to use, however   and favors Charles with a long, lingering glance. "You hide yourself away from the world in them, but you deserve to show off.  Charles flushes a bit and then clears his throat. "Well, then," he says eventually. "What do you suggest I do to remedy my dressing like an 'old fart,' as Raven puts it?  "You are an old fart," Erik agrees, but he seriously considers Charles' request. Such is the way they find themselves in an upscale men's boutique an hour or so away from home. The racks display fine, cleanly cut articles in both traditional and flattering shades and designs, and Charles squeezes Erik's arm as they cross the threshold, the door swinging silently shut behind them. "Lead the way," Charles smiles, and Erik looks around. "Maybe we should start with suits," Erik begins, and then he realizes that he's standing there alone. "Charles?" he blinks in confusion, and then the other man waves him over to a rack of thick winter wear excitedly. Charles pulls a woolen, gray cardigan from the pile and holds it up in front of Erik. "This isn't why we're here, Charles," Erik frowns. Charles' eyes sparkle. "But this will compliment your eyes so well, Erik." He begins to sift through the rack some more. "Oh, and this one," he says, tugging a forest green sweater out next. Bemused, Erik's eyes linger briefly on the price tag. He blanches. Though he's no stranger to high fashion, he has always justified the luxury of an occasional bespoke suit as being paid for with blood money. Also, considering what he's done while wearing said suits, the clothing could have almost been considered a work expense. These garments that Charles is piling into his arms now, however, have no equivocal use. They're frivolous, wasteful. He stands there awkwardly, staring at the ground, trying to decide how to bring this up tactfully. Fortunately, Charles is both perceptive and, well, telepathic. "I know they're an investment," he says quietly to Erik, "but you're worth it.  Erik looks embarrassed. "It's too much. I can't accept it," he frowns, looking away. Then he looks back reluctantly as Charles gently palms his face. "Just let me pamper you a little, Erik." Charles' voice is soft, his eyes large and vulnerable. "Please?" he asks, biting his lower lip, practically pouting   'poor little rich boy,' Erik thinks ruefully   and finally, Erik sighs. "Perfect." Charles then makes eyes at a young, pretty sales clerk, who totters over quickly, and who seems quite taken with Charles' calling her "love." He asks her to fetch them a dressing room reservation; before long, she joins in on suggesting garments that will look good on Erik, and Erik rolls his eyes a little and follows them obediently around the store. Eventually, Erik is dragged to the dressing room, where the girl   Stacey, he hears her tell Charles bouncily   has meticulously arranged all of their finds. He tugs on a stiff pair of trousers and one of the sweaters, and then palms open the door. "Well?" he asks, and Charles looks up. Erik watches Charles drink him in appreciatively, though he's silent for several seconds, and Erik has to resist the urge to fidget. Finally, Charles smiles at him. "You look amazing," he gushes honestly, and then makes a shooing motion. "Go on, try something else.  Once Erik has paraded back and forth in and out of the dressing room for his appreciative audience   mostly Charles, and occasionally Stacey   for nearly an hour, he returns to his own clothes with a short sigh of relief. When he exits the small room again, Charles is having Stacey bundle like garments together in neat-looking packages. "Are we getting all of it?" Erik asks, a bit dizzily in spite of himself. "It all looks wonderful on you," Charles says by way of reply, and he's already handing money to Stacey, as though he's afraid Erik will change his mind if he doesn't hurry. When everything has been packed up and placed carefully in the trunk of Charles' car, Charles grins at Erik tentatively. "So you were saying you would help me not to look so decrepit?" he ventures, and Erik smiles back. As it turns out, Charles is much more favorable towards shopping when it's for somebody other than him. Unfortunately, Erik is merciless and quite determined not to let Charles leave the store that day without solving the problem of him dressing like an eighty-year-old. "Let's try this," Erik suggests, tugging a shirt from the rack and handing it to Stacey, who is all too thrilled at the prospect of assisting them twice. Charles looks apprehensive. "Oh, but   it's red," he critiques. "I'm not sure it's me.  "It is. You look good in dark colors," Erik tells him. He favors Stacey with a rare bit of attention: "Won't he look good in that?" he prompts her. "Yes, he'll look fantastic," Stacey exclaims. Erik smirks triumphantly, and Charles sighs, defeated. "Fine." As before, he's docilely led around to various racks while Erik chooses things that he assures Charles will be flattering. Occasionally, Charles still puts up a good fight: "Erik, I just don't think I need a leather jacket," he frowns at one point, moving subtly away when the other man holds it up to his chest. "It's just   I'll look silly. This is more your avenue.  Erik steps close, enough so that Charles can feel the breath on his cheek. "Charles, you asked me here for a reason," he intones quietly. "Maybe you don't know what will make you look good. Maybe you have to put your faith in someone else once in a while. Do you trust me, Charles?  "Of course," Charles says quickly. "With my life; and, I suppose, with my clothing choices." He smiles, and Erik rubs his fingers over the buttery soft leather. "Thank you," Charles says a moment later. "For doing this.  Erik smirks and steps away, still holding the jacket. "Don't thank me yet," he admonishes. "You're going to be stuck in that dressing room for the rest of your natural life.  By the end of a long afternoon, Erik and Charles return to the mansion, and set about putting their myriad purchases away. Charles, for his part, seems much more pleased to sit and admire each new garment in the comfort of home, and when he disappears into the bathroom with a couple of hangered items, Erik doesn't think anything of it. "So I really do like the leather jacket, I've decided," Charles announces some minutes later, and Erik looks up. The smaller man is bedecked in one of his new outfits, topped with the jacket in question, the tags removed. Erik's gaze roves appreciatively over Charles' slender frame, the way the clothes fit and tug in all the right ways, and his mouth waters. Soon enough, he has Charles pressed flush against the door, one hand smoothing up Charles' new shirt ("red is your color," Erik tells him), touching warm flesh, the other rubbing over the bulge in Charles' pants. 'So fucking hot like this,' Erik thinks at him, and Charles groans because Erik is stroking at his erection. "No, Erik, not in the new pants. Please," he breathes, and Erik sighs and steps away. "Okay," he agrees. "Take them off. But leave the jacket on," he says decidedly a moment later. "I like it.  Months later, after Cuba and the beach and everything horrible, a large box arrives at the Brotherhood's headquarters, addressed to "Max Eisenhardt," an old pseudonym that Erik once told Charles he used. It doesn't have a return address, merely a small, dignified "X" scrawled in the left-hand corner, and Erik wonders how Charles found them so quickly. Inside the box are clothes. The touch and vague scent of the mansion from whence they came stir unbidden memories in Erik's mind, and he sighs and picks through the neatly folded sweaters and pants and accessories   Charles had insisted on buying him a hideously overpriced belt that day, too   and his heart beats dully in his chest. At the very bottom of the box, there is a handwritten note, folded in half and adorned with Charles' tell-tale "From the desk of Charles Francis Xavier" letterhead. The note itself is not terribly formal, however: "I kept your old turtlenecks," it reads in Charles' neat scrawl. "I'm sure they are hideously out of season, anyways.  Erik tucks the garments away in the small closet he shares with two other people at the base, and if anybody notices that they're new, they seem to know not to bring it up.