In old times, when wishing was having, there lived a King whose daughters were all beautiful, but the youngest was so beautiful that the sun itself, which has seen so much, was astonished whenever it shone in her face.
Close by the King’s castle lay a great dark forest, and under an old lime-tree in the forest, was a fountain. When the day was very warm, the King’s Child went out into the forest and sat down by the side of the cool fountain, and when she was dull she took a golden ball, and threw it up in the air and caught it. And this ball was her favorite plaything.
Now, it so happened one day, the King’s Daughter’s golden ball did not fall into the little hand which she was holding up for it, but on to the ground, and rolled straight into the water. The King’s Daughter followed it with her eyes; but it vanished, and the well was deep, so deep that the bottom could not
be seen. On this she began to cry, and cried louder and louder, and could not be comforted.
And as she thus lamented, some one said to her, “What ails you, King’s Daughter? You weep so that even a stone would show pity.”
She looked round to the side from whence the voice came, and saw a Frog stretching its thick, ugly head from the water. “Ah! old water-splasher, is it you?” said she; “I am weeping for my golden ball, which has fallen into the fountain.”
“Be quiet, and do not weep,” answered the Frog, “I can help you. But what will you give me if I bring your plaything up again?”
“Whatever you will have, dear Frog,” said she—“my clothes, my pearls and jewels, and even the golden crown which I am wearing.”
The Frog answered, “I do not care for your clothes, your pearls and jewels, or your golden crown, but if you will love me and let me be your companion and playfellow, and sit by you at your little table, and eat off your little golden plate, and drink out of your little cup, and sleep in your little bed—if you will promise me this, I will go down below, and bring your golden ball up again.”
“Oh, yes,” said she, “I promise you all you wish, if you will but bring my ball back again.” She, however, thought, “How the silly Frog does talk! He lives in the water with the other frogs and croaks, and can be no companion to any human being!”
But the Frog, when he had received this promise, put his head into the water and sank down. In a short time he came
swimming up again with the ball in his mouth, and threw it on the grass. The King’s Daughter was delighted to see her pretty plaything once more, and picked it up, and ran away with it.
“Wait, wait,” said the Frog. “Take me with you. I can’t run as you can.” But what did it avail him to scream his croak, croak, after her, as loudly as he could? She did not listen to it, but ran home and soon forgot the poor Frog, who was forced to go back into his fountain again.
The next day, when she had seated herself at table with the King and all the courtiers, and was eating from her little golden plate, something came creeping splish splash, splish splash, up the marble staircase. When it got to the top, it knocked at the door, and cried:
“King’s Daughter, youngest.
Open the door!”
She ran to see who was outside, but when she opened the door, there sat the Frog in front of it. Then she slammed the door in great haste, sat down to dinner again, and was quite frightened.
The King saw plainly that her heart was beating violently, and said, “My Child, what are you so afraid of? Is there a Giant outside who wants to carry you away?”
“Ah, no,” replied she, “it is no Giant, but a disgusting Frog.”
“What does the Frog want with you?”
“Ah, dear Father, yesterday when I was in the forest sitting by the fountain, playing, my golden ball fell into the
water. And because I cried so, the Frog brought it out again for me. And because he insisted so on it, I promised him he should be my companion; but I never thought he would be able to come out of the water! And now he is here, and wants to come in.”
In the meantime, it knocked a second time, and cried:
“King’s Daughter, youngest!
Open to me!
Don’t you remember yesterday,
And all that you to me did say,
Beside the cooling fountain’s spray?
King’s Daughter, youngest!
Open to me!”
Then said the King, “That which you have promised you must perform. Go and let him in.”
She went and opened the door, and the Frog hopped in and followed her, step by step, to her chair. There he sat still and cried, “Lift me up beside you.”
She delayed, until at last the King commanded her to do it. When the Frog was once on the chair, he wanted to be on the table, and when he was on the table, he said, “Now, push your little golden plate nearer to me that we may eat together.”
She did this, but it was easy to see that she did not do it willingly. The Frog enjoyed what he ate, but almost every mouthful she took, choked her.
At length he said, “I have eaten and am satisfied. Now I am tired, carry me into your little room and make your little silken bed ready; and we will both lie down and go to sleep.”
The King’s Daughter began to cry, for she was afraid of the
cold Frog, which she did not like to touch, and which was now to sleep in her pretty, clean little bed.
But the King grew angry and said, “He who helped you when you were in trouble, ought not afterward to be despised.”
So she took hold of the Frog with two fingers, carried him upstairs, and put him in a corner. But when she was in bed, he crept to her and said, “I am tired, I want to sleep as well as you; lift me up or I will tell your father.”
Then she was terribly angry, and took him up and threw him with all her might against the wall.
“Now, you will be quiet, odious Frog,” said she.
But when he fell down, he was no Frog but a King’s Son with beautiful kind eyes!
He, by her father’s will, was now her dear companion and husband. Then he told her how he had been bewitched by a wicked Witch, and how no one could have delivered him from the fountain but herself, and that to-morrow they would go together into his kingdom.
Then they went to sleep, and next morning when the sun awoke them, a coach came rolling up drawn by eight white horses, with white ostrich feathers on their heads. They were harnessed with golden chains, and behind stood the young King’s servant, Faithful Henry. Faithful Henry had been so unhappy when his master was changed into a Frog, that he had three iron bands laid round his heart, lest it should burst with grief and sadness.
The coach was to conduct the young King into his kingdom. Faithful Henry helped them both in, and placed himself behind again, and was full of joy because of this deliverance.
And when they had driven a part of the way, the King’s Son heard a cracking behind him as if something had broken. So he turned round and cried:
“Henry, the coach does break!”
“No, no, my lord, you do mistake!
It is the band around my heart,
That felt such great and bitter smart,
When you were in the fountain strange,
When you into a Frog were changed!”
Again and once again, while they were on their way, something cracked; and each time the King’s Son thought the carriage was breaking. But it was only the bands which were springing from the heart of Faithful Henry because his master was set free and was happy.

<\tphyldoc>

Once upon a time, there was a magical spring of water deep inside the woods. Around the spring of water, flowers always bloom and grasses were always green. It is known that animals that lived near the spring are as intelligent as human, they can speak in human language and cast magic. It is known that there was a beautiful rose in the middle of the spring. Those who plugged the rose, can be raised from the dead.
One fine evening a young princess put on her bonnet and clogs. She went out to take a walk by herself in a wood. The weather was so warm and the flowers smelled so good that the princess walked astray from the path. But she didn't notice. She walked and walked, and stopped in front of a cool spring of water with a rose in the middle of it. There were flowers from four seasons bloom around the spring, and grasses were green because it was spring. The princess was pleased, and play with her golden ball happily at the edge of the spring.
She was tossing it up into the air, and catching it again as it fell. After a time she threw it up so high that she missed catching it as it fell into the spring. The princess looked into the spring after her ball, but it was very deep, so deep that she could not see the bottom of it. She began to cry, and said, "Alas! If I could only get my ball again, I would give all my fine clothes and jewels, and everything that I have in the world."
She cried and cried, but the woods were silent.
A deer jumped by, and ask "What a beautiful little princess. Why do you weep so bitterly?" Princess looked up and said, "My golden ball has fallen into the spring, if you could get it for me, I would give you all my fine clothes and jewels, and everything that I have in the world." The deer looked into the spring, but it is so deep that it could not see the bottom of it. The deer shake its head slowly, and jumped away from the princess.
She cried and cried, but the woods were silent.
A bunny jumped by, and ask "What a beautiful little princess. Why do you weep so bitterly?" Princess looked down and said, "My golden ball has fallen into the spring. If you could get it for me, I would give you all my fine clothes and jewels, and everything that I have in the world." The bunny looked into the spring, but it is so deep that it could not see the bottom of it. The bunny shake its head slowly, and jumped away from the princess.
The princess cried and cried. She had cried so long and so hopelessly that her eyes turned red and her throat turned dry.
While the princess thought there is no hope for getting her golden ball back anymore. At the moment, a frog put its head out of the water, and said, "Princess, why do you weep so bitterly?"
"Alas!" said she, "go away! You nasty frog!"
"I saw there is a golden ball is sinking into the spring, does it belongs to you, my princess?"
"Yes! Yes it is." The princess stopped crying and finally looked at the frog, "get it to me, now!"
The frog said, "If you will love me, and let me live with you and eat from your golden plate, and sleep on your bed, I will bring you your ball."
"What nonsense, "thought the princess, "What a silly frog! It can never even get out of the spring to visit me, though it can get my ball for me, and therefore I will promise it can get what it ask"
So she said to the frog, "Well, if you will bring me my ball, I will do all you ask."
Then the frog put its head down, and dived deep under the water. After a little while it came up again, with the ball in its mouth, and threw it on the edge of the spring.
As soon as the princess get her golden ball, she ran away from the frog and the spring. She could not wait to leave the frog as it is so ugly and nasty that the princess would not willing to take one more glance at it.
She ran so fast that she could not hear the frog had been calling her name.
The next day, just as the princess had sat down for dinner, she heard a strange noise - tap, tap - plash, plash – and soon afterwards she heard a knock at the door, and a little voice said:
"Open the door, my princess dear,
Open the door to thy true love here!
And mind the words that thou and I said
By the fountain cool, in the greenwood shade."
The princess ran to the door and opened it. She saw the ugly and nasty frog was standing in front of the door and raised its head so hard just for look at the princess's beautiful little face.
The princess was frightened. She kicked the frog away and whisper "Alas! What a nasty frog! Get away from the royal door!" She close the door and pretended nothing was knocking.
The king, her father, asked her what was the matter.
"Nothing" said the princess, "it was the sound of the wind."
While she was speaking the frog knocked again at the door, and said in a loud voice that everyone in the hall can heard it clearly:
"Open the door, my princess dear,
Open the door to thy true love here!
And mind the words that thou and I said
By the fountain cool, in the greenwood shade."
"What was the matter? Tell me the truth, my precious princess, tell me what happened." The king asked again.
"There is a nasty frog," said she, "it lifted my ball for me out of the spring last morning. I told him that he can live with me here, thinking that he could never get out of the spring; but there he is at the door."
Then the king said to the young princess, "As you have given your word you must keep it; so go and let him in."
So the princess had to open the door and let the frog in, - tap, tap - plash, plash - from the bottom of the room to the top, till he came up close to the table where the princess sat.
The princess was so frightened that her body was shaking, until the frog came in front of her and said "you must lift me onto the chair, my princess." The princess stop shaking all of a sudden, and now she felt hate in her whole body. Now she must eat with and sleep with a nasty and ugly frog. She could not believe the king, her father, would make her suffer with great shame.
as the frog eat, the princess thought "The frog will never sleep with me! What will the other ladies say if they knew I sleep with a nasty and ugly frog? Oh it is too frightening to even thinking about."
"Now I am tired; carry me upstairs, and put me into your bed" As the frog demanded, princess lifted it up from the table.
When they arrived to the princess's room, she dropped the frog onto the floor, and took a knife from the table. She was holding the knife so tight, as her hate toward the frog was so true.
"It is late, now we should sleep." The frog turned his back to princess and talked to her. But not until its last words were being said, the princess had chopped off its head.
"Alas! What a nasty and ugly frog!" She said to her maidservant, "take it out and bury it for me! To somewhere I will never see"
The maidservant was frightened as she saw the princess's face was ferocious like a devil. She took the frog in her hands and ran out of the castle crying.
She ran and ran, when she realized, she was standing in the front of the cool spring of water. The flowers from four seasons are still blooming and the grass was as green as it is spring.
"Oh poor little frog! There is no reason for you to be murdered because you are a frog." The maidservant buried the frog at the edge of the spring, and left the wood crying.
The princess had a good sleep after she killed the frog. She dreamed that she was married with a handsome prince and lived happily ever after happily ever after.
The next day when the princess and her father, the king, were sitting by the table, they heard a knock at the door, and a little voice again.
"Open the door, my princess dear,
Open the door to thy true love here!
And mind the words that thou and I said
By the fountain cool, in the greenwood shade."
The princess's eyes were wide open as she saw the sun rise from the west and set in the east; her body was shaking as she was so frightened that she could not even hold the spoon. She ran to the door and opened it, she bowed and saw a frog standing in front of the door. The frog was as ugly and nasty as the one she had killed last night. It raised its head so hard just for look at the princess's beautiful little face.
The princess had to let it in as her father commanded.
The frog sat beside the princess and ate in her plate.
The princess could not understand, she had killed the frog. She chopped off the nasty and ugly frog's head and it should not be alive.
She was frightened but angry.
The night when she took the frog with her to her bedroom, and she chopped off the frog's head again with the same knife.
But the next day, and the day after, the frog appeared in front of the door again and again. No matter how many times the frog came to the princess, the princess kept chopping off its head, and the maidservant kept burying the frog at the edge of the spring.
Both of them were scared. The princess was scared by the frog as she thought the frog must be some kind of evil. The maidservant was scared by the princess, as her face looked no longer beautiful but ferocious with hate and malice.
It is known that the magical spring of water has a beautiful rose in the middle, it can raise those who are dead back to life. When the maidservant bury the frog in the edge of the spring, the rose cast its magic to bring the frog back to life.
The frog did not believe the princess would break her vow, as the day when it first met the princess, it had fallen in love for her. But as the princess had killed the frog for a thousand times, even the most foolish in the world can see the cruelty of the princess.
The frog hated the princess so much, it kept going to the castle and let the princess kill it, just to see the fear in the princess's eyes.
One evening when the frog was about to go to the castle, a handsome prince was riding through the cool spring of water.
"Ah! What a beautiful rose!" The prince saw the rose in the middle of the spring, "if I can bring it to a princess, she will marry me as soon as she see this beautiful rose!" He jumped into the spring and tried to swim to the rose. But it was very deep, so deep that it seems have no bottom. He drowned before he could reach the rose.
"What a handsome man!" the frog said, as it saw the prince's dead body sinking deep into the spring, "what if I have his face and body, the princess must marry me and I can get revenge for her cruelty!" The frog cast a magic, and now it has the prince's handsome face and strong body.
The evening, the frog did not come to the castle. The princess thought it is the end, she laughed and danced and sang, the whole castle was full of her laughter.
The next day the frog prince rode to the front of the castle, and yelled to the princess,
"Open the door, my princess dear,
Open the door to thy true love here!"
Once the princess saw the prince, she had fallen in love for his handsomeness. He has blonde hair, beautiful lips, and green eyes that looked at her with affection. She could not wait until the prince propose her, she begged the king to allow her marry the prince.
She begged and begged, and finally the king let her go with the prince to his wealthy kingdom.
The night when this newly married couple arrived to the prince's kingdom, they sat beside the same table, eat with the same plate, and slept in the same bed.
The princess felt that she is the happiest person in the world.
She looked at the prince who is sleeping next to her, and kissed his lips.
A magical moment happened. Princess's beautiful ginger hair started to fall, as well as her young and beautiful body started to shrink. Her teeth were falling out of her lips, and her skin started to become sticky. She was turning into a frog!
The princess saw what had been happening with her body in the mirror, she was in despair but she could not do anything to stop the transformation, until she became a frog.
The prince looked at her eyes filled with despair and told her the truth.
The prince had died and he is the frog who was being rejected and killed over and over again. The frog hated her as much as she hates the frog. The frog used magic to become the prince. But the magic will not last forever, until a princess who loved him kiss him on his lips. The princess will become the frog, and the frog will become the prince, forever.
The princess looked at the mirror, she is now the nasty and ugly frog that she hated the most.
She wanted to scream but there is no scream, she wanted to cry but there is no tear.
She was in so much despair and jumped out of the tower.
The frog prince soon married with another beautiful, young and kind princess, and lived happily ever after.

<\tphyldoc>

The elder daughter was called Serena. She had long blonde hair with was tied up into two buns on top of her head. She was as beautiful as she was haughty. Being the prettier of the two sisters, Princess Serena had no end of men who came a-wooing the blonde goddess. As time went by, she turned conceited and self-centered, believing that no man in the world was good enough for her. Her wilful ways had thrown quite a lot suitors off, but she was never unwooed, despite how much her mocking hurt them.
On the other hand, the younger sister was named Amelia, or Amy was most called her. This shy, but studious princess did not have her sister's wondrous locks of gold. Instead, her shoulder-length blackish blue hair framed her face, giving her an almost impish look. Her modest beauty, combined with her gentle and kind heart, was often overshadowed by the limelight of Princess Serena. However, Princess Amy allowed her elder sister to take the spotlight, while she silently retreated back into the background.
Princess Amy did win hearts, not of suitors, but of her country people. Very often then not, she would come up with policies or ways to improve the lives of her countrymen. Thus, she was dubbed as "The People's Princess."
If Princess Amy's favorite past time was locking herself in the royal library, pouring through the books, then Princess Serena's was playing with her golden ball.
It so happened that one fine evening, Princess Serena had wandered into a forest, while playing with her golden ball.
Resting her tired feet, the golden-haired princes sat down by the side of a cool spring of water as she amused herself by tossing the ball in the air and catching it as it fell.
After some time, she threw it so high, that the ball bounced away from her fingers when she stretched her hand to catch it. The golden sphere rolled along upon the ground, before landing into the spring with a 'splash'.
The princess looked into the spring for her ball, but alas, it was very deep, so deep that she could not see the bottom of the well. Then, she began to wail and lament her loss, "Alas! If I could have only get my ball again, I would give all my fine clothes and jewels, and everything I have in this world."
While she was speaking, a frog put its head out of the water and inquired, "princess, why do you weep so bitterly?"
"Alas," she answered, "what can you do for me, you nasty frog? My golden ball had fallen into the spring."
The frog replied, "I want not your pearls and jewels, or your fine clothes. I will bring you the ball if you will love me and let me live with you, and eat from your golden plate, and sleep upon your bed."
"What nonsense." The princess thought in disgust. "Me, love such an ugly thing? He can never get out of the well." Then, she relented, "But, he may be able to get my ball back out of the well. Then, I will promise him what he asks."
Therefore, she told the frog, "Bring me my ball and I promise to do all you require."
The frog croaked and dived deep under the water. After a while, he resurfaced, with the ball in his mouth, and threw it on the ground.
As soon as Princess Serena saw her ball, she ran to pick it up. Overjoyed to have her ball back in her hand, she ran home with it as fast as she could, without a thought for the frog.
The frog called after the running princess, "Stay, princess, and take me with you as you promised."
He was silenced by the princess's cruel mockery, "You silly frog, did you actually think I would love such a disgusting creature like yourself? Besides, promises were meant to be broken.
The determined frog was not about to give up, as he leaped off after the princess, following her.
Soon afterwards, something knocked on gently on the door and recited,
"Open the door, princess dear,
Open this door to thy true love here!
And mind the words that thou and I said,
By the fountain cool in the greenwood shade."
Princess Serena ran to the door and opened it, and there, she saw the frog that she had mocked and so cruelly insulted. She was so terribly frightened, that upon shutting the door as fast as she could, she ran back to her seat.
Her father, the king, asked her what had frightened her so, and to that, she replied, "There's a nasty frog, at the door, which lifted my ball out of the spring yesterday evening. I had promised him that he should live here with me, thinking that he could never get out of the spring. But, now, there he is, at the door, waiting to come in."
As she spoke, the frog knocked again and repeated,
"Open the door, princess dear,
Open this door to thy true love here!
And mind the words that thou and I said,
By the fountain cool in the greenwood shade."
The king then told his elder daughter, "As you have made a promise, you must keep it. So, go and let him in."
Princess Serena protested, "But, father, he's a frog! A cold, ugly and green frog!"
"Father, if I may." Princess Amy, who had been silent, the whole time, spoke up.
"Continue, Amy." The king requested.
"As my sister is unwilling, I would like to fetch the frog on her behalf." She said shyly.
"Go as you wish, my child." The king answered, giving his more sensible daughter, his consent.
"And make sure that he stays as far away as possible from me!" Princess Serena shrieked.
The younger princess did not reply as her footsteps echoed through the passageway.
Upon opening the door, the frog frowned, "You're not the one I seek."
"I know." Princess Amy answered, kneeling down. "My sister was the one who gave you her promise, but she refuses to oblige it. I'm here on her behalf."
"But, why will you be bothered about me, a frog?" he asked, leaping onto her cupped palms.
"Because, unlike my sister, I keep my promises." The blue-haired princess answered. "Besides," she smiled down at the green amphibian, "All that glitters is not gold. I do not judge a book by its cover. Under that green skin you drone, I honestly think you have a very special personality underneath."
"Well said, princess." The frog croaked, his perception having changed upon meeting with the younger princess.
Re-entering the dining hall, Princess Amy lifted the frog onto the table, right beside her. Princess Serena reeled back in disgust and quickly excused herself.
The king, having done with his dinner, left the room leaving both human and frog alone.
During dinner, a long conversation took place where the two exchanged ideas and discussed worldly matters. Princess Amy was certain that her green friend was no ordinary frog.
After dinner, the frog told the blue-haired princess, "Now, I'm tired. Carry me upstairs and put me to bed."
Once again, Princess Amy cupped her hands, allowing the frog to jump into them. Along the way, the two reopened their previous discussion and quoted lines from sages before their time. Retreating into her room, she placed the half-asleep frog onto the pillow of her bed, where he slept for the entire night.
As soon as daylight came, the frog jumped off the pillow, giving the princess who had fascinated him so much, a lingering look. Then, he hopped down the stairs and out of the castle.
The princess lamented the loss of her new friend, when she woke up, to find him gone. The amphibian was wise for a frog and she was upset at the loss of such a wonderful friend who could really understand her.
Her sorrow was short-lived, for when night came again. She heard the same tapping on her door. Opening the door hurriedly, Princess Amy took the frog upon her pillow, where they continued their shortened discussions till late in the night, when the frog slept on the pillow as before, until morning broke.
The third night was the same, the frog slept on the princess's pillow after their chess game, until daylight.
The following morning, Princess Amy was awoken by a soft voice beside her that said, "It's time to arise, my princess."
Fluttering her eyes open, Princess Amy was astonished to find, instead of her green friend, a handsome prince was sitting by her bedside, gazing at her with the most beautiful sea-green eyes she had ever seen.
Shock overcoming her, she sat up and backed away.
"Who.... Who are you?" she asked, frightened.
"Please, princess. I can explain." The brown-haired prince replied.
Looking into his ever-so trusting eyes, Princess Amy's fright resolved as she begun to relax.
The young prince introduced himself as Prince Cye Mouri and told her how he had been enchanted by a malicious witch when he refused to marry her. In her anger, she changed him into a frog and cursed him to remain in that shape until a princess should take him out of the spring and let him sleep upon her bed for three nights.
Taking her hands into his, he continued, "And you, dearest princess, have broken this curse and won my heart with your wisdom and kindness. Right now, I have nothing to wish for but for you to come with me to my late father's kingdom and be my queen."
Startled by the surprise revelation, Princess Amy blushed as she turned away. Pulling her hands from his, she whispered, "But, my father..."
"Then, we will get your father's permission." The prince replied firmly.
"I love you with all my heart, fair princess." The prince suddenly announced, causing Princess Amy to look back at him in surprise.
"Marry me and be my queen." He told her seriously.
The princess turned red and nodded quietly. Pulling the still stunned princess into his embrace, the prince slipped a silver ring on her finger, the silent proposal was accepted.
Moments later, the pair appeared before the astonished king and the shocked Princess Serena. Overcoming her shock, Princess Serena took a good look at Prince Cye and told herself that he was the one she wanted to marry.
Kneeling before the king, the prince related what had happened to him and requested permission to marry his younger daughter.
Turning to his younger child, the king asked, "Is this true, Amy?"
Princess Serena grew red in anger when her sister nodded in affirmative.
"Wait a minute!" she protested in jealousy.
"I should be the one to marry him." She exclaimed, pointing to the prince.
"I was the one who promised him that he could live with me, and not her!" she argued, giving her sister an accusing look, as if to say, 'How dare you steal my man!'
"It may be true." Prince Cye replied, "But it was your younger sister who kept your promise, not you."
"He's right, my sister." Princess Amy agreed. "When one turns a blessing from his door, it falls to them who take it in." she quoted wisely. Princess Serena had turned the frog from her door and she paid the penalty; Princess Amy welcomed him and she received the blessing.
"But..." Princess Serena tried to argue back.
"Enough!" the king yelled, slamming his hands on the throne's armrests.
"Father..." Princess Serena whined.
"I said, enough!" The king glared at his elder daughter. Princess Serena kept silent.
Impressed by the unfazed Prince Cye, the king announced, "Prince Cye, you have my permission and blessings to marry my younger daughter."
"Thank you, Your Highness." The prince answered in relief.
"And may our kingdoms remain in peace with each other as a result of this union." The king continued.
The prince nodded in agreement.
Just then, the trumpets sounded, announcing the arrival of the betrothed couple's ride.
A splendid carriage, with eight snow-white horses decked with plumes of feathers and golden harnesses, drove up.
The king nodded towards the door and urged the pair, "Now, go!"
Standing up, the prince took his betrothal's hand and led her into the carriage.
Trumpets sounding again, the horses trotted off towards the prince's kingdom where they arrived safety, much to the happiness of the prince's elder sister, her husband and his mother, the Empress Dowager.
Welcoming the son whom she had not seen for the last two years, the Empress Dowager embraced him. She was even happier to see him come back with a bride, for he could not ascend the throne without a queen.
Back in the privacy of the common room, Prince Cye was bombarded with questions from both his mother and sister. When asked how Princess Amy came to be his betrothal, the prince smiled and took her in his arms. He told them that the witch's curse had turned out to be a blessing in disguise, allowing him to see into the inner beauty that Princess Amy possessed.
When asked of her father's name, the Empress Dowager realized that she was a friend with the princess's late mother. The princess's kindness towards her kingdom's people had long reached the Empress Dowager's ears. Pleased at last to finally meet the fabled 'The People's Princess', the Empress Dowager clasped Princess Amy's hands into hers, welcoming her into the family.
The royal wedding was celebrated the very next morning, joining the two kingdoms in eternal peace.
As for Princess Serena, she no longer bore any malice towards her sister, and her wilful ways were cured by her ingenious husband. But, that's another story, for another time.

<\tphyldoc>

The
Frog Prince Mishap It
was a windy summer's day and the sky was a clear blue. As clouds
began to roll slowly in, a young girl sat on the edge of a well
admiring something concealed in her small hands. Mina let the warm
sun light shine on her face and through her hands making the object
shimmer. She held it up to the light to reveal a beautiful gold
locket. Mina pried it open and looked at the picture. It was off two
girls, one her and the other her older sister. Both girls had long
beautiful curly golden hair and startling blue eyes. They were the
most beautiful princesses in the land. Mina the youngest daughter was
only six years of age, but her older sister Bellame was about to be
eighteen and on the eve of her birthday her little sister had gotten
her that locket."I
hope she likes it" Mina said to herself. "It will be a way she
can remember me then she gets married to a handsome Prince." As
Mina sat pondering what her own prince would look like, she didn't
notice the two farm boys sneaking up on her. The boys creped up
slowly and the first one said "What you got there, Minnie?" and
the other took the necklace. "Yeah Mini Mina what is it?""Give
it back, Shane!" Mina screamed. "That's for my sister""What
are you going to due about it Mini Mina" Said Shane tossing the
locket to the other boy."It's
not your Wesley, give it to me now!" Mina demanded."I
think not." said Shane receiving the locket from Wesley and holding
it over Mina's head. "Mini Mina, can't get you locket back."
The boys laughed and Mina jumped for the locket. She knocked it out
of Shane's hands and it flew through the air and down into the
stone well. Mina rushed over to it her blond curls falling in her
face."No!"
she yelled. "Get it back." said yelled turning to Shane. "Get
it back now!" Mina demeaned pounding her little fists on his chest."Sorry
Mina, nothing we can do. We have to get back to the stables." said
Wesley to Shane. "Right?" The other boy nodded and they raced
back to the barn.Mina
dropped down on her knees and cried with her head on the well wall.
"Oh no, what am I going to do? What will I do?" she cried."Pardon
me" said a croaky voice. "Maybe I can help."Mina
looked up startled the tears still on her face as she looked around
for the owner of the voice. "Excuse me but will you show you're
self?" Mina asked."I
am right here." The voice said again.Mina
looked down to find herself face to face with a small green slimy
skinned frog."What?"
Mina said some what startled. "You're a…a frog?""Yes,
I am. Now I couldn't help but over hear you. Your necklace fell in
the well, am I correct?"Mina
wiped her big blue eyes with her hand and said "It was a gift for
my sister. And now those stupid boys lost it down the well." Mina
started to cry more when the frog spoke again."I
can get your locket for you." said the frog and mina's eyes lit
up."Really?"
she said with hope in her big wet blue eyes."Yes,
I can but what will you do for me in return?" the frog said and
cocked his head to one side."Anything,
Mr. Frog. I just want my sister's locket back. Please." Mina
said. "Please.""Okay"
said the frog jumping down and landing in the well water with a
single splash. Mina watched as he came up for air and the disappeared
under the cool dark water. Mina held her breath waiting for him to
come back up and after and few minutes she saw the frog climbing back
up with something shinny in its mouth."Here
you go." said the frog spitting out the locket. Mina squealed with
joy and picked up the talking frog."Oh
thank you Mr. Frog! Thank you sooo much!" Mina exclaimed spinning
around and then kissing the frog on the head before putting him back
on the well wall. Then a shocking event occurred. The frog started to
glow in a wraithlike green light and Mina got scared and hid her
eyes. There was a popping noise, followed by some squishy sounds and
then a bang. When it was all over Mina opened her eyes to see not a
frog but a handsome young man sitting on the well."Umm…Mr.
Frog?" Mina said. The man looked up at her and he felt his face and
smiled."I'm
human!" he said excitedly. Mina watched him with her big blue eyes
and wondered what had just happened."Um…
Mr.…" Mina didn't know what to call him. This caused the man to
turned towards her and say"Thank
you so much Miss. This is what I wanted in return for retrieving your
locket…that and you hand in marriage."Mina
was stunned "Umm…sir I can't marry, I'm only six and
one-half." The man looked at her again "You only six?" he said.
It was then Mina noticed the man's eyes were a pale ghostly blue."You're
blind!" Mina exclaimed."Yes"
the man said. He put his hands on his hand and sighed. "I was
supposed to be kiss by my true love and turn back into a Prince. And
now I was kissed by a six year old.""I'm
six and one-half." Mina protested."With
all due respect Miss, I'm sorry. I'm just a little upset, by this
predicament." said the man."Who
are you?" Princess Mina asked."I
am Sevastian, Prince of Val Delmar. I was cursed into a frog by my
wicked step-father, because he wanted to remain King." said
Sevastian."Oh
that's awful" exclaimed Mina."Yes
it is" sighed the Prince, sitting on the well wall placing his head
of dark curls into his hands."Well
I don't know if it will help much but my sister might know what to
do." Mina said and Sevastian looked up at her."Your
sister?" he said."Yes
my sister is the crown Princess Bellame. It's her birthday, that's
why I wanted the locket. It's for her. I put a picture of me and
her in it." Mina said proudly."Is
your sister married?" Sevastian asked."No,
she is waiting for her prince charming. Mother and father are having
a ball tonight, so she can see all the princes in the neighboring
lands." Mina said. "And I get to go, this time! It's so fun and
lots of cake and sweets."Sevastian
smiled at Mina and said "Well it looks like this day might not be
so terrible after all. Say Princess Mina do you think you can get me
into the ball?""Sure,"
Mina exclaimed. "Do you think you're my sister's Prince
Charming? That would be the best thing ever! You're so nice and you
got my locket back for me." Mina smiled with more delight and took
Sevastian's hand. "Come on," she said pulling him towards the
castle. "The ball's going too started soon!" Mina and Sevastian
rushed across the lawns to the castle and in through the servants
door. Mina was such a regular there that no one took notice of her,
but they did take notice of the fact that she was dragging a handsome
blind man with her. But since she was the Princess no one said a
word.Soon
they were in the castle ballroom and Mina was admiring the
decorations when Sevastian spoke."Do
you think there's anywhere I could find a suitable change of
clothes for this ball?" Mina laughed at his question and said"Of
course, I think my cousin James might have something." So the two
of them snuck up to James's room and went through his clothes to
find something for Sevastian. Mina picked out some clothes and gave
them to Sevastian who asked her about her choice, a purple tunic and
burnt orange trousers with a green hat. When Mina told him he
frowned."Say
Mina," he asked "Do you have any other choices?" Mina frowned
and went to look for something else and came back with a dark green
tunic, to match the hat and a pair of brown trousers. After telling
this to Sevastian, Mina closed her eyes and covered them with her
hands, she tried to peak through her fingers at him but he placed his
hands on her shoulders and turned her around so he could change. When
he was done Mina smiled."You
look like a prince." She giggled."Good,"
said Sevastian "I am one after all." Mina giggled again and she
led him out into the hall. Mina pulled him through the corridors and
down into the ballroom, where guest were starting to come."Do
you think you'll be ok here until the ball starts? I have to go get
into my party dress!" Mina squealed excitedly."I'll
be fine, Mina thanks so much for all your help so far." Mina rushed
away leaving Sevastian at the banister. He tried to think about what
was going to happen later, when he meets the Princess Bellame. Lost
in thought he stepped away from the stairs and rig
in thought he stepped away from the stairs and right into another
person, a girl in servants dress.
"Hey
watch where your going?" the girl said. "What are you blind or
something?"
Sevastian
frowned "Or something." He mumbled and the girl let out a gasp of
shock.
"Oh
my…I'm so so sorry. I didn't know." She said looking away
from him.
"It's
ok." He said reaching for the girls arms to comfort her; she was
upset at what she said. "You didn't know."
"No,
it's my fault my head hasn't been steady all day. So much to do
before the ball and everything" she said a lock of her golden hair
falling in her face.
"It's quite all right, I understand perfectly. Ball's are
always a little mad."
"Yes,"
the girl smiled "You the first person who hasn't been telling me
what to do all day."
Sevastian
smiled back and said "Well, that's good to know. I'm glad I
could brighten your day."
The
girl blushed and said "Well I have to go now, but maybe we'll
talk later."
"Of
course," Sevastian said "Always nice to talking to a pretty
girl."
The
girl blushed more and whispered "How did you know I was pretty?"
"I
always now a pretty girl, even if I can't see her, her personality
glows." Sevastian said.
The
girl smiled and said "I hope I see you again." and then rushed
off, leaving Sevastian in shock and wondering who she was. He didn't
even ask her name.
With
in a few minutes the ballroom was filling and Sevastian found Mina
back at his side.
"Hey
Prince Sevastian, like my dress?" she said twirling around him.
He
smiled and said "I bet it's the prettiest dress in the room."
Mina
squealed and hugged him. "Come on, I want you to meet my sister."
She said and pulled him towards a girl with beautiful golden hair and
a dazzling light green and yellow ball gown. The Princess smiled when
she saw her little sister.
"Mina!"
 She said hugging her sister and the putting her down and saying. "Oh
Mina you're the prettiest girl at the ball. Why don't you go ask
Shane or Wesley to dance with you?" Mina scowled and said "No
they threw my present for you in the well! It was Prince Sevastian
who got it back for me." Mina smiled and pushed Bellame towards
Sevastian.
"Well
hello again." Sevastian said to her.
"Hello
Prince Sevastian, but how did you know it was me?" the Princess
Bellame asked with a smile.
"I
always know a pretty girl." He replied.
"That's
good to know." Bellame said with a smile.
"Would
you care to dance?" Sevastian asked her.
"Yes,"
she said a bit reluctantly. "Can you dance?"
Sevastian
laughed and said "As long as you lead." And they took off onto
the ballroom floor. After a while of dancing the two of them left the
dance floor and sat down at a table.
"So,"
Prince Sevastian asked "are you enjoying your night?"
"Yes,
very much so." The Princess Bellame answered. "But I have been
wondering how did you come to be here? Mina said you helped her get
this locket out of the well but that was all she said."
"Well,"
Sevastian chuckled "That's kind of a long story…." Sevastian
then began to sum up the story the best her could until he finished
and lowered his head.
"Oh,
my" the princess breathed. "That's one strange tale."
"Yes,
it is and well if you don't want to talk to me anymore, I'll
understand." Sevastian said and stood up to walk away. But before
he could Bellame grabbed his arm and said
"No,
don't go you're the nicest person I've talked to in awhile and
your story intrigues me." She told him and a small smile grew on
Sevastian's pale face. "And I want you to stay. My sister may
have kissed you but I would like you to be my prince. That is if
you'll have me." She said. "I'm never this forward with
anyone but it seem like I've been waiting for you." Sevastian
took her hands and said
"I'm
glad you were forward." And with that he pulled her into to him and
leaned down to kiss her. They kissed each other passionately for a
few ling moments and then when they pulled apart Princess Bellame
opened her eyes and sighed. "I think I'm falling in love with
you." She whispered close in his ear.
"I'm
glad you turned out to be the princess." Sevastian said holding her
tight.
"And
you," Bellame said with a giggle "My knight in slimy green skin."
 The two laughed again and embraced, dancing off onto the floor. They
danced till the night was over and the morning sun was just rising.
"Will
you be mine?" Sevastian whispered into Bellame's ear as he held
her close.
"Of
course." Bellame whispered back. Sevastian smiled and kissed her on
the lips, one long passionate kiss.
The
next day the two of them were married with, Mina as the maid of honor
and the stable boy Wesley as Sevastian best man. Mina and Wesley were
not happy about this arrangement but went along with it none the
less. The happy young lovers then road off in to the sunset in a
white horse drawn carriage and they lived happily ever after.


<\tphyldoc>


Once upon a time, there was a beloved king with seven sons and a single daughter. Each of his children had their area of expertise: his seventh son was the most learned, the sixth the most clever, the fifth the most brave, the fourth the most far-seeing, the third the most valiant, the second the wisest, and the first son the happiest. Above all, the brothers all looked upon their youngest sister as the sweetest, most beautiful maid in all the land, whose gift was sight into the hearts of all those she met.However, the king grew old and sickly, and the question of who would inherit the throne was brought into question. Would it be the most learned? The cleverest? The bravest? The farthest-seeing? The most valiant? The wisest? Or the happiest?One by one, the brothers deferred to the others. "I should not rule," said the youngest. "Being learned is loved, but how ever could I outwit the other regents? The heir should be my elder, the cleverest.""Oh, no," said he, "I am most clever, but were we challenged in war, how could I stand against the opponent? The heir should be my elder, the bravest.""As the bravest, I know only how to stand. But how will I know to retreat?" said he. "The heir should be my elder, the farthest-seeing.""Were I the heir, I would see farther than any—but how would I see anything trapped in the palace all the time? No," said he, "the heir should be my elder, the most valiant.""I am valiant, to be sure," said he, "but how is valiance useful as king? The heir should be my elder, the wisest of us all.""I thank you, brothers, and, as wisest, know that what you have said is true. However, how can we rule without all of these traits? I invite all of you, brothers, to advise me in all I may do."The brothers were pleased with this, even the eldest, the happiest, for he knew he would not wish to rule in any case; he would much rather be swimming in the pond or riding in the forest. And so the seven brothers went to their father the king and told him of their plan."Aye," said the king. "This is a good plan. But I lay dying before you, and I fear I am unable even to lift the will to alter it. You must promise, instead, to help your eldest brother in all that you can, for the good of the kingdom."The brothers readily agreed to this, and held no grudge against their eldest brother, for they knew he had no wish to rule.The king passed quietly, and the eldest prince, the happiest, was crowned the next day. However, he did nothing for the kingdom. His brothers made every effort to help him rule, but he wished nothing for it, and the kingdom fell into disarray."Brother," said the youngest, "let me teach you the laws of the land, that they may be enforced fairly and honestly.""No, brother, let it be another day; I wish to hunt." And so he did, and left his learning to another day."Brother," said the cleverest, "let me show you how to hear people's intentions rather than their words.""No, brother, let it be another day; I wish to shoot." And off he went, leaving his learning to another day.And so it went, leaving learning to another day, for each of his brothers. Once each had been scorned for entertainment, the brothers went to their sister the princess, for they knew she was most beloved by them all, including their now-king."Sister," they bemoaned, "our brother the king will not hear what it is to be king! How will our father's kingdom last if he will not learn?""Brothers, I know of your problem, for it is mine as well; I wish nothing but for this kingdom to prosper and its people to live as well as can be. I shall speak with him." And they thanked her profusely, for if anyone would convince the king it would be their sister."Brother," said she, "why have you scorned your brothers and duties? They wish to teach you how to be king, that the kingdom will prosper and the people will live as well as can be.""Oh, dear sister, you exaggerate; I am happy, and the throne filled; is that not enough? Come, join me today as I ride through the forest.""I will not, brother." And she walked quietly back to her brothers."He will not learn," said she, "for he has no wish to. He is happy as he is.""We cannot take that from him. Is that not, after all, what we want for the kingdom and its people?" said the wisest, and all nodded in agreement."But what can we do?" spoke the farthest-seeing. "If he does not learn, the kingdom will fall into ruin and besieged by neighbouring kingdoms." The brothers spoke among themselves for a long time, until the most learned broke away and approached the princess."Have you any ideas, sister?"She remained quiet for a bit before replying. "We cannot have our brother as king as he is now," she began, "but we cannot have him unhappy. He is our brother and we love him regardless of his faults." The most learned nodded in agreement. "So we must somehow make him a better king. He will never be happy as king as he is, and neither will the kingdom prosper."The others stopped, hearing this, and began to think. Finally, the cleverest spoke. "Perhaps if we were to find a witch?" A great clamor rose up then, for witches were notorious in those parts.The clamor grew and grew, until the princess silenced them in frustration, shaking the lights and shocking the brothers that their meek sister was so forward. "I shall find a good-hearted witch to help us," said she. The clamor began again, this time in protest, before being silenced once more by their sister's exit.Three days and nights the princess travelled on horseback across the kingdom, encountering witch after witch, none of whom seemed quite right to her. Each felt indescribably wrong, and she trusted her instincts above all. At the end of the third night, she came across a lady at the side of the road, and knew that this was the witch she needed. The princess dismounted her horse and strode to the woman."O kind witch," said she, "you must help me. I am the sister of the king, and though I love him dearly, the kingdom and his happiness come above all else.""I will help you, child," spoke the witch, "for the price of one of your brothers. For a kingdom, I expect no less."Aghast, the princess replied, "I cannot possibly give up one of my brothers! But come with me, and we shall see what other prize may catch your eye." And so they returned to the castle to find the eldest was out swimming in the pond that day, and spoke with the princes."O princes of this fine kingdom, your sister has told me of your troubles. I will solve them for you." The princes began to cheer. "For the price of one of you. For a kingdom, I expect no less," finished the witch, silencing their jubilance."I will be the tribute," said the most learned, "for I know of many things that may be of use to you.""No, it shall be I," said the cleverest, "that you may get the most of whoever you choose to serve.""It shall be I," said the bravest, "that I may guard your home and keep my brothers safe.""It shall be I," said the farthest-seeing, "that I may warn you of people approaching and the consequences of helping each.""It shall be I," said the most valiant, "that I may slay your enemies and protect your allies."""It shall be I," said the wisest, "that you may better see how our kingdom needs a king, and forgive our debt."The witch considered for a while each prince, testing them with her magic. "I see nothing here I may want, but this is my price," said she, "so I may take the most learned of you." The youngest stepped forward gravely and offered his arm, which she took graciously. "Lead me to my king," said she, and they did.As they led her to the pond, the princess begged her to make the king happy, however she chose to deal with him, for he was their brother, and to have pity on their youngest as well. The witch listened to her pleas, nodding along until they reached the pond where the king ht into another
person, a girl in servants dress."Hey
watch where your going?" the girl said. "What are you blind or
something?"Sevastian
frowned "Or something." He mumbled and the girl let out a gasp of
shock."Oh
my…I'm so so sorry. I didn't know." She said looking away
from him."It's
ok." He said reaching for the girls arms to comfort her; she was
upset at what she said. "You didn't know.""No,
it's my fault my head hasn't been steady all day. So much to do
before the ball and everything" she said a lock of her golden hair
falling in her face."It's quite all right, I understand perfectly. Ball's are
always a little mad.""Yes,"
the girl smiled "You the first person who hasn't been telling me
what to do all day."Sevastian
smiled back and said "Well, that's good to know. I'm glad I
could brighten your day."The
girl blushed and said "Well I have to go now, but maybe we'll
talk later.""Of
course," Sevastian said "Always nice to talking to a pretty
girl."The
girl blushed more and whispered "How did you know I was pretty?""I
always now a pretty girl, even if I can't see her, her personality
glows." Sevastian said.The
girl smiled and said "I hope I see you again." and then rushed
off, leaving Sevastian in shock and wondering who she was. He didn't
even ask her name.With
in a few minutes the ballroom was filling and Sevastian found Mina
back at his side."Hey
Prince Sevastian, like my dress?" she said twirling around him.He
smiled and said "I bet it's the prettiest dress in the room."Mina
squealed and hugged him. "Come on, I want you to meet my sister."
She said and pulled him towards a girl with beautiful golden hair and
a dazzling light green and yellow ball gown. The Princess smiled when
she saw her little sister."Mina!"
 She said hugging her sister and the putting her down and saying. "Oh
Mina you're the prettiest girl at the ball. Why don't you go ask
Shane or Wesley to dance with you?" Mina scowled and said "No
they threw my present for you in the well! It was Prince Sevastian
who got it back for me." Mina smiled and pushed Bellame towards
Sevastian."Well
hello again." Sevastian said to her."Hello
Prince Sevastian, but how did you know it was me?" the Princess
Bellame asked with a smile."I
always know a pretty girl." He replied."That's
good to know." Bellame said with a smile."Would
you care to dance?" Sevastian asked her."Yes,"
she said a bit reluctantly. "Can you dance?"Sevastian
laughed and said "As long as you lead." And they took off onto
the ballroom floor. After a while of dancing the two of them left the
dance floor and sat down at a table."So,"
Prince Sevastian asked "are you enjoying your night?""Yes,
very much so." The Princess Bellame answered. "But I have been
wondering how did you come to be here? Mina said you helped her get
this locket out of the well but that was all she said.""Well,"
Sevastian chuckled "That's kind of a long story…." Sevastian
then began to sum up the story the best her could until he finished
and lowered his head."Oh,
my" the princess breathed. "That's one strange tale.""Yes,
it is and well if you don't want to talk to me anymore, I'll
understand." Sevastian said and stood up to walk away. But before
he could Bellame grabbed his arm and said"No,
don't go you're the nicest person I've talked to in awhile and
your story intrigues me." She told him and a small smile grew on
Sevastian's pale face. "And I want you to stay. My sister may
have kissed you but I would like you to be my prince. That is if
you'll have me." She said. "I'm never this forward with
anyone but it seem like I've been waiting for you." Sevastian
took her hands and said"I'm
glad you were forward." And with that he pulled her into to him and
leaned down to kiss her. They kissed each other passionately for a
few ling moments and then when they pulled apart Princess Bellame
opened her eyes and sighed. "I think I'm falling in love with
you." She whispered close in his ear."I'm
glad you turned out to be the princess." Sevastian said holding her
tight."And
you," Bellame said with a giggle "My knight in slimy green skin."
 The two laughed again and embraced, dancing off onto the floor. They
danced till the night was over and the morning sun was just rising."Will
you be mine?" Sevastian whispered into Bellame's ear as he held
her close."Of
course." Bellame whispered back. Sevastian smiled and kissed her on
the lips, one long passionate kiss.The
next day the two of them were married with, Mina as the maid of honor
and the stable boy Wesley as Sevastian best man. Mina and Wesley were
not happy about this arrangement but went along with it none the
less. The happy young lovers then road off in to the sunset in a
white horse drawn carriage and they lived happily ever after.

<\tphyldoc>


Once
there lived a woodcutter with his wife and daughters on the edge of a
forest. All his daughters were beautiful, but the youngest was the
most beautiful. The woodcutter went into the forest every day to cut
wood. At one spot where the woodcutter often stopped to cut wood,
there was an old lime tree, and under the tree was a spring.
Sometimes the youngest daughter would help her father pull the wood
cart into the forest, and she would sit near the edge of the cool
spring. When there was nothing else to do, she took a stone, toss it
into the air, and catch it.One
day, as it so happened, she held out her hand to catch the stone. But
the stone passed it by, and fell into the spring. The girl watched it
fall through the water with her eyes, but the spring was deep, so
deep that you couldn't see the bottom, and it disappeared from her
sight. Finding no more stones to throw, she became upset, and started
sulking. As she was sulking, a voice called out to her, "What's
the matter, pretty girl? Why, to see your sad face, the sun would
cry." She looked to see where the voice came from and saw a frog
bobbing his head on the surface of the water. "Oh, hello frog."
she said. "I'm sulking because my stone fell into the spring and
there are no other stones to throw." "Stop sulking," said the
frog. "There are some nice stones on the bottom of the spring, but
what will you give me if I bring you a stone?" "Anything you
want, dear frog," she said. "But I am not very rich, and I have
not very much to give." The frog replied: "It is alright that you
are not rich, for it is not riches I want. If you will love me and be
my companion and playmate, if you will let me sit at your table and
eat from your plate and sleep in your bed, if you promise me that,
I'll go down and fetch you a stone." "Oh, yes" said the
woodcutter's daughter, "I promise you all that, if only you'll
bring me a stone."Once
the frog had her promise, he put his head back down into the water
and dived, and in a short while he came back to the surface. He had
a nice smooth stone in his mouth and he tossed it onto the grass. The
woodcutter's daughter was very happy at the sight of the stone. She
picked it up and tossed it into the air and caught it, and continued
to play with it in this fashion. The frog sat quietly on a large rock
watching and waiting. Not long after, the woodcutter was done cutting
wood for the day. "Come, my daughter," he said. "Let us go
home. You can ride in the back of the cart." The woodcutter's
daughter went to the frog and picked him up. "Come, my friend,"
she said, "It is time to go." "You will keep you promise?"
"Of course. You kept your promise by bringing me the stone. It is
only fair that I keep mine." And they rode home together as the
woodcutter pulled them on the cart.Supper
was ready when they walked through the door. The woodcutter's
daughter sat at the table and placed the frog upon it. Her mother
looked at the frog. "What is that?" "It's a frog!" cried
one of her sisters. "Take that croaker off the table." "I
can't," said the youngest daughter. "I promised him I would be
his companion, and let him sit at my table and eat from my plate and
sleep in my bed if he brought me a stone from the bottom of the
spring. He bought me a stone, so I must keep my promise." The
woodcutter was proud that his youngest and most beautiful daughter
keep her promise. The frog stayed on the table, much to the sisters'
displeasure, and shared the plate of the youngest daughter. When it
was time to go to bed, she took the frog with her and put him on one
side of the pillow, and she laid her head on the other side. The frog
said: " Thank you, pretty girl, for letting me sit at your table
and eat from your plate and sleep in your bed." "I promised,"
said the woodcutter's daughter, "You kept your promise, it is
only fair that I keep mine."The
frog said: "You are very noble I will tell you a story, Before you
came to the spring, a princess would often come and play with a
golden ball. One day the ball fell into the spring, she promised to
give me everything she had. All I wanted her to promise was that she
would be my companion and playmate, and let me sit at her table and
eat form her plate and sleep in her bed. "Yes, yes," she said. I
believed her and when I brought her ball back to her, she ran away
back to the castle, forgetting all about me. I went to the castle,
and her father made her pick me up and put me on the table, and he
made her share her plate with me, and he made her take me to her bed.
When I asked for a good night kiss, she did not want to kiss me, and
she threw me out of the castle. I had no choice but o go back to the
spring.""That
is not a very nice princess," said the woodcutter's daughter.
"No, but you are nice, pretty girl. It is time to go to sleep. Will
you give me a goodnight kiss?" "Yes, I will," she said. She
closed her eyes and kissed him. When she opened her eyes, the frog
was gone, and the most handsome man was laying beside her. He told
her that he was prince, and a wicked witch had put a spell on him and
that no one but his true love could have freed him from his frog
prison. Now they would go to his kingdom tomorrow and be married. The
next morning, has the sun shone brighter than it ever had before, a
carriage pulled by eight beautiful horses came to pick up the prince
and the woodcutter's daughter who would become a princess, and took
them to the Prince's palace, where they were married, and the
woodcutter became very rich.


<\tphyldoc>


 Once upon a time, there was a king with three beautiful daughters. The two eldest liked to do girly type things, sewing, knitting, and going to balls. The youngest, however, preferred to be outdoors. She liked to walk around the castle grounds, playing catch with a golden ball. Most of the time, though, she played golf. She had her own little golf course at the back of the castle and a tutor who came twice a week. She wasn't very good, so her golf balls usually ended in a sand trap or the small lake.  During one particularly frustrating game, her ball landed in the small lake. She didn't have another one and she didn't want to go after it. She stood on the bank, trying to decide what to do, when a frog jumped over to her. "What is the matter, Princess?" he asked. "I was playing golf and my ball landed in the water. I don't know how to swim, so I can't go get it." The frog thought for a minute. "I will get your ball, if you will do something for me." The princess agreed and the frog jumped into the lake and grabbed the ball. He dropped it at the princess's feet.  "What would you like in return?" the princess asked. "I am under a spell," explained the frog, "if you kiss me, I will become a handsome prince." The princess thought this over for a minute. He had gotten her golf ball for her. "Okay," she said. She picked up the frog and kissed him on top of the head. There was a small flash of light and the princess looked around. The frog was still a frog! Even worse, she was a frog too! "Argh! What happened?" the princess cried. "I thought you would be a handsome prince!" "I am," the frog replied. "I am the Prince of Frogs. " "But you're not human or handsome!" "I never said I would become a human prince," the frog reminded her. "But I am handsome, to other frogs, anyways.”  "Well, now that you are frog, will you marry me?" the frog prince asked. The princess gave that some thought. Now that she was a frog, she did notice that he was quite handsome. So, she decided to marry the frog prince. After all, she did like being outside. And she was lousy at golf anyways. So, they went to his little frog castle in the marsh and were married that day. And they lived happily ever after.

<\tphyldoc>

The princess was beautiful - of course. The prince was handsome - of
course. The stepmother was evil - of course. And their story began with a
"Once upon a time." - of course. Once upon a time, in a land far away, there lived a frog. Not just
any frog, mind you, but a princess of frogs. She was young, kind, beautiful
(for a frog), and in love with the prince frog of a neighboring country.
Her life should have been perfect, and indeed it would have been if not for
her Evil Stepmother. This was her father's second wife, and if there was
one thing that she hated, it was seeing the princess frog happy. Instead of
simply avoiding her, like any normal, rational person would do, she instead
decided to do away with everything that her stepdaughter loved, starting
with the prince frog. And so, one day, she put her plan into action. Dressed up as an old
beggar, she hopped up to the prince and began harassing him. Eventually he
got so fed up with her that he ordered the guards to forcibly remove her.
This gave her an excuse to cause a scene. The Evil Stepmother cast a spell
on the prince - he would become a human, and stay one until a frog maiden
kissed him. If that were to happen, then, and only then, would he turn back
into a frog and regain the title of Prince. "Of course," snickered the Evil Stepmother as she gloated at him, "no
self-respecting frog girl would ever kiss one of those ugly, gawky, humans
without some very good reason. And you can't tell anyone about the curse.
So you're stuck a human forever. Ha!" And with that, she turned and hopped
away, leaving behind a big, dejected human. Soon he turned to leave, in
search of a frog maiden who wouldn't run away at the sight of him. He didn't have to search long before he found one. When he had been
walking just five minutes (humans travel much faster than frogs) he came
upon the princess frog whose Evil Stepmother had started the whole mess.
The princess was a good soul, kind even to humans, and so he hid and
watched her. She was playing with her favorite toy, a golden ball that she
tossed up into the air and caught, tossing it higher and higher until it
got caught on a ledge high above the pond. When this happened, the prince
came out of hiding and asked what he could do for her. The princess was surprised to hear a human speak, but she politely
responded that if he could bring her ball down to her, she would be much
obliged. "I'll get your ball," he said, "if you will promise to do something
for me" "I promise you that I'll do what you ask," she responded "if only you
will get my ball for me." And without another word, the prince reached up
to get the ball and handed it down to her. "Now for your promise," he said, "I would like a kiss." "A kiss?" the princess was disgusted by the very idea. But she had
promised. And so she closed her eyes and gave the human a quick peck on the
cheek. Suddenly, there was a shower of sparks. The princess shielded her
eyes, and when she looked again, there was the prince frog that she loved.
She stared, amazed, as the prince told her what had happened. By the time
he was done, the shock had worn off of her, and she was furious at her Evil
Stepmother. So they went straightaway to her palace, found the Evil
Stepmother, and banished her from the countries of both the frog princess
and prince. They had quite a time explaining to the king why they were
doing this, but in the end they won him over. And so they got married, had
many little tadpoles, and lived happily ever after - of course.


<\tphyldoc>


"A girl may have to kiss a lot of frogs before she finds her Prince Charming." – Victoria Clayton._
Hotch pulled in on the driveway of Emily's two storey, white picket fence, suburban house... which the whole team had laughed at, at the thought of Emily of all people living in something so homely... and jumped out of his car, making his way up the path to the front door.
He really didn't like disturbing Emily on her only day off, but she'd left her jacket at his place when she'd come over for drinks the night before and he'd wanted to give it back to her before he went in to work, not to mention the fact that he liked any excuse to spend time with her.
He knew this wasn't good... he knew he shouldn't feel this way about her, I mean she was married, she had a son, Christ sakes he was even friends with her husband! But he couldn't help it; he couldn't help but love her.
With a sigh he rang her door bell and waited for an answer. After a moment he rang it again and then knocked briefly, just to make sure that if there was anyone there his presence would be known.
He then looked over to her garage, which was lying open, and seen that Jason's car wasn't in there. This lead him to the conclusion that they were out somewhere for the day, so he went to go back to his car when he heard it... he heard a TV in the living room.
He walked back to the door and peaked through the window and saw the TV playing a cartoon in the corner. He still thought they were out, and pulled his spare key out of his pocket to open the door and turn off the TV, knowing that if it was left on Emily and Jason would be receiving an electricity bill higher than the cost of all they're electrical appliances put together.
He was surprised to find that the door wasn't locked and even more surprised, when he stepped into the house and found that it wasn't in fact empty.
"Uncle Hotch!" Exclaimed Emily's three year old son Finn, as the young boy jumped of the couch and ran towards his godfather, looking upset.
"Hey Finn, what's the matter buddy?" He asked as he bent down to his obviously upset godson.
"I don't know. Mommy 'nd daddy wewe fighting 'gain 'nd daddy got angwy and weft and now mommy won't stop cwying!" The young boy told Hotch as he also began to cry.
"Where's mommy now?" Hotch asked quickly as he rubbed the young boys back comfortingly.
"In hew woom." Finn told him with a sniffle.
"Ok buddy, you go back and watch TV and I'll go and talk to mommy." Hotch told him, as he stood back up again.
Finn nodded and ran back to the couch as Hotch turned towards the stairs and made his way up them, taking them two at a time, before walking down the upstairs hall and stopping outside the second bedroom, which he knew was Emily and Jason's room.
He heard soft crying from inside the room and his heart broke a little as he knocked on the door gently before pushing it open slowly and walking into the dark room.
"Emily?" He called out softly, aiming his voice to the silhouette in the corner, which the light was shining on to reveal the left side of her back only.
"Hotch?" Emily replied in confusion, though not looking over at him.
"Yea Em it's me, I came to drop off your jacket and Finn told me you were upset... is there anything I should know?" He asked her uncertainly, as he made his way into the room a little.
"Jason left me just there a while ago." Emily informed him, knowing that there was no point in lying to a profiler or her friend.
"I'm sorry Em." Hotch told her, his words being truthful despite the fact that he had wanted this to happen from the day they'd gotten engaged.
He slowly made his way into the room and walked around the bed to sit beside her, wrapping an arm around her shoulder, and pulling her closer so her head was leaning against his side.
"You know it's sort of weird." Emily informed him. "When he walked out, I couldn't help think of how Haley left you... it was for the same reasons." She told him sadly, sniffling a little as she spoke.
"Let's just hope a psychotic maniac doesn't hunt Jason down as well." Hotch joked trying to lighten the mood.
This comment caused Emily to let out a small giggle and she subconsciously snuggled closer to Hotch as she felt suddenly drawn to him... not that Hotch minded in the slightest.
"Don't get my hopes up." Emily told him after a moment.
"Wow." Hotch said after Emily spoke. "What did he do to deserve a homicidal maniac on his tail?"
"You mean other than sleep with every member of the female species... other than me of course." Emily replied sarcastically.
When Emily said this Hotch's jaw almost hit the floor in shock... how could any heterosexual male cheat on Emily Prentiss? Not only was she funny and smart, but she was still just as drop dead gorgeous as she'd been five years ago, despite the fact that she'd had a child since then.
"He did what?" Hotch exclaimed, still reeling in shock and disgust.
"Mhm," Emily replied sadly, "And of course he then had the balls to blame me for our 'unstable' relationship." She fumed, obviously hitting the anger stage. "HAD the balls being factual as well as metaphorical if I ever see him again." She added.
"He did what?" Hotch repeated, being far too angry at the moment to form a better sentence.
"Yea, he said that me working away from home on cases so much was putting a strain on our relationship and that the only reason he cheated on me was because he missed me, but that he didn't want to be with me anymore because it was too difficult to look after Finn while I was away, and he didn't feel a spark anymore." Emily told Hotch, anger seething in every word.
"Emily," Hotch said quietly, turning to face her and taking her hand in his own, "You are worth so much more than he is, never forget that." He told her truthfully.
"I know, I just... I just... I don't ever want to see him again." She finished sadly and bitterly.
"And you don't have to." Hotch promised her. "You and Finn are coming to my place until you're back on your feet, Finn can share a room with Jack." He told her.
"And where would I sleep?" Emily asked, seeing the flaw in Hotch's plan.
"You'd sleep in my bed and I'd take the couch." Hotch told her, secretly hopping that now that Jason was out of the picture he wouldn't need to take the couch forever.
"No, I couldn't put you out of your bed Hotch, I'll just call JJ or Garcia and a..." She told him.
"Emily," Hotch said cutting her off. "Believe me when I tell you I want you to stay with me." He told her, cupping her face in his hand and tilting it towards him as he spoke.
"I'll go and tell Finn we're leaving then." Emily replied a little breathlessly... the fact that Hotch's hands were touching her face knocking her off balance a little.
"Good, I'll wait for you downstairs." Hotch replied, lifting his hands away from her face reluctantly as he stood up and made his way back outside to his car.
Hotch looked around him once, to make sure Emily and Finn weren't yet making their way out of the house, before he pulled his phone out of his pocket, and without hesitation his speed dial one.
"Rossi?" Rossi answered after two rings.
"Dave, is the team with you?" Hotch asked quickly, not having time for niceties as he knew Emily would be coming out any minute.
"Give me two seconds and they can be, they're all in the break room for their morning cup." Rossi told him as he got up quickly from his desk and made his way down to the rest of the team, sensing urgency in his old friend's voice. "Right we're all here, and you're on speaker so what's the problem?" He asked after a moment.
"Garcia, I need you to find out where Jason is." Hotch said immediately, figuring that he could explain later.
"Emily's husband Jason?" Garcia replied uncertainly. "Well its Em's day off so he'll either be at home with her or wrapping up that civil case he bored us all half to death with last time we were out." She informed him, remembering how she'd almost fallen asleep as he'd droned on about some case, and how she'd wondered how Emily had ever fallen for him, as she was so  believe me he's not at home." Hotch told them all bitterly. "He broke up with Emily and the long and short of it is, he wasn't exactly nice about it, so Garcia; I need you to track him down and then I need you to go over and 'talk' to him.""Say no more boss man, Jason Price can consider himself lucky he's survived until now." An obviously angry Garcia replied."Thanks' guys... oh and I won't be in today, I'm going to take Emily back to mine." Hotch told them all."Hotch, we'd kick your ass if you didn't stay of work today and look after our princess." Morgan told him, also sounding angry, but trying to inject humour in his voice."Exactly... and tell Emily we'll come over at lunch time." JJ added, sounding sorry for her friend."Right, will do... see you tomorrow." Hotch told them all before hanging up the phone."Really? You're sending a mob after Jason?" Came Emily's amused voice from behind Hotch causing him to jump slightly."It's the least he deserves." Hotch replied calmly, as he turned to face Emily, a small smile on his face. "I hope you don't mind me telling the team?" He asked, suddenly realising that she might not want anyone to know yet, just like he had when Haley had left him."With Garcia and Rossi on the team... even if I did try and hide it I wouldn't succeed for more than half a second." Emily joked as she made her way towards Hotch's car... her go bag in one hand and Finn's batman bag full of his clothes in the other."Where's Finn?" Hotch asked, realising that the young boy wasn't beside his mother."He's using the big boy potty, and he'll be here in a second." Emily stated, proud at her sons achievement.Hotch smiled at this, before taking the bags Emily was carrying off her and loading them into the trunk of his SUV.~.~.~.~.~Hotch sighed at his reflection in the bathroom mirror as he washed his face, that evening.It'd been a long day, and his house had been like a pit stop for various members of the team, as they'd been stopping over all day to check up on Emily... Garcia only leaving after three hours, when Emily threatened to kill her if she didn't get back to work.Hotch dried his face on a towel and exited the bathroom, heading to his room now where Emily was going to spend the night as he slept on the couch and Finn shared a room with Jack.He knocked softly, and once he head her soft voice call him into the room, he pushed the door open and found her curled up in a ball in the far corner of his bed, with her arms wrapped around her knees, which were firmly tucked as close to her chest as possible."Emily." Hotch called softly, for the second time that day."Yea?" Emily replied, sounding distant as she spoke."Are you sure you're ok?" Hotch asked her as he made his way into the room and sat beside her, wrapping one arm around her shoulder and pulling her close to his chest."I was just thinking." Emily replied with a tired sigh."Penny for your thoughts then." Hotch murmured, as he rested his head on the side of hers as they both stared at the cream bedroom wall facing them."I don't know." Emily sighed again. "I've been trying to think... and I don't know if I ever really loved him." She told Hotch."You must have if you married him... if you had a son with him." Hotch told her, even though he wished that she really didn't love him."I know... that's just it, even when Jason proposed, I remember there was this little part of me, screaming at me and telling me to say no... To just follow my heart and say no to him." Emily confessed."Then why didn't you say no?" Hotch questioned."Because... there was a bigger part of me telling me that the reason that I wanted to say no was a stupid reason... and that I was thirty eight years old, and that marrying Jason was an ok idea... I mean he was good looking, dull as dish water, but good looking, not that I'm vain, but if I was going to marry on impulse I may as well get a looker... and marrying him would be my last chance at becoming a mother someday so I thought I may as well take it." Emily replied honestly."Can I ask what the reason for saying no was?" Hotch questioned, not sure if Emily was ready to open up to him."You." She replied, so quietly that he had to ask her to repeat herself."What did you say Emily?" He asked, not believing his ears."You Hotch, I said you... because you're the reason I should have said no... Jason never made my heart flutter like you do, he never made me smile like you do, he's not as handsome, or as smart, or as funny, and he sure as hell isn't as understanding." Emily concluded sadly."Emily I..." Hotch started, but she cut him off."I get it if you don't feel the same... and if you don't then we can blame this on my fragile emotional state and go back to normal... but I don't want to Aaron, I want a new normal... I want a normal where I wake up next to you every morning, and where Jack and Finn are brothers, and where my long hours don't matter because you work the same hours, and you understand." She told him, the sadness evident in her voice."We're not blaming this on a fragile emotional state." Hotch told her after a brief second."Really?" Emily asked sounding both hopeful and excited."Really." Hotch replied. "Because then I would feel bad doing this." He told her.Before Emily had time to react she felt Hotch's lips crash against hers out of nowhere. It was at first, a soft gently kiss, meant to express their feelings, but after a moment one of Hotch's hand moved to the back of Emily's head and the other to her lower back, and grabbing her hair he pulled her closer, until she was flush against him and she reached one leg over him so she could straddle his waist and wrap her arms around his neck to pull him closer. He then trailed his tongue lightly against her bottom lip, begging her to let him in, which she happily and hungrily obliged to, as they explored each other's mouths, battling for dominance until Emily finally let Hotch win.After a while the need for air became vital and the pair broke apart reluctantly, both breathing heavily. While Emily caught her breath, leaning against Hotch's head for support, Hotch began placing soft, loving kisses across her collarbone and up her neck, sucking and biting slightly to mark his territory."Stop." Emily moaned reluctantly after a moment. "I'll probably have to face Jason tomorrow... or the next day, and I really don't want to have to do that with love bites on my neck.""You could show him what he's missing." Hotch reasoned in between kisses, as he continued his assault on her neck and chest.Emily tried to disagree with this, but was rudely interrupted by Hotch's mouth attaching itself to hers again, and all coherent thoughts left her mind as he bit her bottom lip, and moved his hands to under her pyjama top.~.~.~.~.~"You know it's true what they say." Emily murmured happily, sometime a lot later as she lay on top of Hotch's naked body tracing random patterns on his well toned chest."And what do 'they' say?" Hotch asked her, as he ran his hands up and down her bare back slowly, stopping every now and again to massage her a little."That you have to kiss a lot of frogs before you find your prince." Emily told him happily."And am I your prince?" Hotch asked happily."I think so... but you'll need to kiss me again so I can make sure." Emily teased."Well princess, your wish is my command." Hotch replied, as he kissed her, first on the nose, then on both her cheeks and finally on the lips softly but passionately."Yea." Emily breathed out when they broke apart."Yea what?" Hotch asked with a smile as he licked his lips."Yea you're my prince." She clarified happily before leaning in to kiss him again."Good... because you're my princess Emily Prentiss, and I love you... I always have loved you and I always will love you." Hotch informed her when they pulled apart again."I love you too." Emily replied with a seductive smile."Glad to hear it." Hotch replied, before flipping Emily over, and pinning her beneath him, trailing more soft kisses down her body.
