Once upon a time there lived a poor widow and her son Jack. One day, Jack s mother told him to sell their only cow. Jack went to the market and on the way he met a man who wanted to buy his cow. Jack asked,  What will you give me in return for my cow?  The man answered,  I will give you five magic beans!  Jack took the magic beans and gave the man the cow. But when he reached home, Jack s mother was very angry. She said,  You fool! He took away your cow and gave you some beans!  She threw the beans out of the window. Jack was very sad and went to sleep without dinner.
The next day, when Jack woke up in the morning and looked out of the window, he saw that a huge beanstalk had grown from his magic beans! He climbed up the beanstalk and reached a kingdom in the sky. There lived a giant and his wife. Jack went inside the house and found the giant s wife in the kitchen. Jack said,  Could you please give me something to eat? I am so hungry!  The kind wife gave him bread and some milk.
While he was eating, the giant came home. The giant was very big and looked very fearsome. Jack was terrified and went and hid inside. The giant cried,  Fee-fifo-fum, I smell the blood of an Englishman. Be he alive, or be he dead, I ll grind his bones to make my bread!  The wife said,  There is no boy in here!  So, the giant ate his food and then went to his room. He took out his sacks of gold coins, counted them and kept them aside. Then he went to sleep. In the night, Jack crept out of his hiding place, took one sack of gold coins and climbed down the beanstalk. At home, he gave the coins to his mother. His mother was very happy and they lived well for sometime.
Climbed the beanstalk and went to the giant s house again. Once again, Jack asked the giant s wife for food, but while he was eating the giant returned. Jack leapt up in fright and went and hid under the bed. The giant cried,  Fee-fifo-fum, I smell the blood of an Englishman. Be he alive, or be he dead, I ll grind his bones to make my bread!  The wife said,  There is no boy in here!  The giant ate his food and went to his room. There, he took out a hen. He shouted,  Lay!  and the hen laid a golden egg. When the giant fell asleep, Jack took the hen and climbed down the beanstalk. Jack s mother was very happy with him.
After some days, Jack once again climbed the beanstalk and went to the giant s castle. For the third time, Jack met the giant s wife and asked for some food. Once again, the giant s wife gave him bread and milk. But while Jack was eating, the giant came home.  Fee-fi-fo-fum, I smell the blood of an Englishman. Be he alive, or be he dead, I ll grind his bones to make my bread!  cried the giant.  Don t be silly! There is no boy in here!  said his wife.
The giant had a magical harp that could play beautiful songs. While the giant slept, Jack took the harp and was about to leave. Suddenly, the magic harp cried,  Help master! A boy is stealing me!  The giant woke up and saw Jack with the harp. Furious, he ran after Jack. But Jack was too fast for him. He ran down the beanstalk and reached home. The giant followed him down. Jack quickly ran inside his house and fetched an axe. He began to chop the beanstalk. The giant fell and died.
Jack and his mother were now very rich and they lived happily ever after. 

<\tphyldoc> 

Once Upon a Time, there lived a giant. Not the kind of giant you're thinking of. Not the big, smelly, ugly giants that lived in our giant's neighborhood. Not the ones that were greedy and always fought about who had the most gold. No, our giant was kind and fair. He was the shortest giant in his entire village. His name was Andre, but no one knew that; for Andre was all alone. The only thing Andre had similar to the other giants was his great horde of gold, but he never really cared for it like the others. "Oh," He grumbled to himself. "I wish everyone could live in a place where everyone noticed and liked me." So one night, he slid down the beanstalk that was connected from the giant world to the human world. The beanstalk was hidden from all human eyes. If the two legs knew, the world of giants and humans would become one; and an endless battle between the two creatures would then reign until the end of time. Of course, Andre knew it was an old legend; but all legends have their meanings. Even though Andre was smart, he could never find the true lesson to this one. His feet boomed under him as he hit the ground. Once he lumbered out of the sacred hiding place, he saw a small village in a valley near him. He slowly made his way there, trying to be sneaky and not make too much noise. He hid behind some hills nearby the village once he got there. He couldn't believe his eyes. The village was peaceful and hardworking, as lovely as a little village can be. Children were playing on the streets, some just coming back from a long day's work at school. Bakers, farmers, silversmiths and other workers were working hard while the ladies watched their children. What's so bad about the humans? The small giant thought, thinking back to the legend. It's so peaceful. He was just taking it all in when suddenly; a boy tapped the side of Andre's huge foot. (Huge for a human, of course) "Excuse me?" The boy asked when Andre looked down at him. "You're not from around here, are you?" Andre gave the boy a surprised look and shook his head. The boy said his name was Jack and asked Andre's name. The giant told him. "So then, Andre," the dark haired boy continued. "What are you? You don't look like any person I've ever seen." The giant persisted, but finally told Jack who he was. This boy didn't look like harm. Jack grinned slyly. "Well Andre, what do you think of the view? Nothing as magnificent as your home, I'm sure." Andre shrugged his broad shoulders. "You're right about it being different; this is nothing like my world. But magnificent, I don't think so; your home is sure pretty. I wish I could live here." The boy's raven eyes grew wide. "But you can Andre, it's easy." "Really?" The giant asked, turning towards the small boy. Jack nodded. "I can help you; with this." He held up a small sack. Andre lifted his eyebrows. "I traded my cow for them instead of money; the seller said they were magic beans. But my mother wants money, not beans. You see, even as a town as beautiful as this; we are poor." Andre then came up with an idea and made a deal with Jack. He told him he'd give Jack a sack full of gold for the magic beans. For all he wanted was to fit in. Once Jack agreed, Andre told him where to find the beanstalk for the trade tomorrow. Then they parted ways. The next day, as Andre was sacking his gold for the trade, there was a commotion outside. Andre went outside and gasped. Giants were running all around, some even hiding. Shouts rang out from all around that made Andre freeze with fear. "A human has found our world!" "We're doomed!" Andre buried his hands into his hands. "What have I done?" He sobbed. The short giant burned with anger and his foot boomed as he went to find Jack. When he finally found the boy, he was covering himself gold, looking very greedy. Jack saw Andre before the giant could move and ran off; the short giant on his tail. Jack slid down the beanstalk with Andre just behind him. Jack reached the ground before Andre did, but Andre snatched him up before he could go far. "Please," Jack wailed desperately. "My village is so poor!" "I should crush you like the liar you are," Andre boomed, anger flowing through him. But as he watched the squirming, wailing desperate boy; he knew he couldn't. He sighed and carefully put the whimpering boy back on the ground. "This isn't over!" Jack yelled as he ran with his riches. "I'll tell everyone where the beanstalk is!" Alarm was clear on Andre's face, but it was too late to grab the small boy again. Jack was already long gone. Andre looked up the beanstalk and knew what he had to do. Now he finally understood the legend; and to protect that from happening, to protect his kin, he knew what he had to do. He grabbed the shook it hard, until the bottom popped out like a cork from its bottle. Then, with all his might, he threw it as far as he could. In a blink, it was gone. The connection from both worlds was broken. "Now, my brother will be safe," He sighed. "But I..." He sniffed. "Will now never fit in " He buried himself in his hands and sobbed his now big giant tears. But as he did, he began to shrink. He shrank and shrunk until he became human size. He came out of his old clothes that became HUGE over him. He looked miraculously at himself. His heart was so pure that he'd finally got his wish. He then ran off from the "secret sacred place" to find clothes. And that, my friends, is the true story of Jack and the Beanstalk.  

<\tphyldoc> 

Once upon a time there lived a giant. The villagers had chased him and his wife away so they lived in a mountain. Every morning the giant would go hunting for food. He would use this phrase to open the door: "FEE FI FO FUM, I SMELL THE BLOOD OF A ENGLISH MAN, BE HE ALIVE OR BE HE DEAD, I'LL GRIND HIS BONES TO MAKE MY BREAD." The door would magically slide open The pass word served a double purpose: firstly, it was a sentence that the average person would not mutter on his morning stroll, and secondly, if there was anyone outside it should scare them away. Now it just so happend that a young theif called Jack was fleeing up the path chased by his latest victims. Up ahead he heard "FEE FI FO FUM, I SMELL THE BLOOD OF AN ENGLISH MAN. BE HE ALIVE OR BE HE DEAD, I'LL GRIND HIS BONES TO MAKE MY BREAD." So he hid behind a rock and saw a part of the mountain open and the giant stepping out. Jack thought that it could be a potential hideout in the mountain until the people who were chasing him went past so he said "Fee fi fo fum, I smell the blood of an English man. Be he alive or be he dead, I'll grind his bones to make my bread". The doors opened and with one final glance over his shoulder he skipped inside... right into the giantesses apron Who are you? she demanded indignantly. Jack was startled but was good at thinking up answers quickly. "I am a poor traveler from Napier going to Hastings. Could you give me a drink? She was kind hearted so she did give him a drink. Then she warned him that the giant ate people and then pushed him out the door. But Jack had seen a floor to ceiling, glass fronted cabinet full of gold coins. He'd made up his mind to steal them. Jack dug for a week though the mountain's thick rock before he finally broke into the top of the cabinet of gold... only to find that the gold was not there. He glanced around the room and noticed that the giant had fallen asleep while counting his money. Jack climbed on the table and quietly filled his pockets and boots with gold coins, but just as he got to the floor, the giant woke up, put the money in the glass cabinet, locked it and went to bed. Jack hid under the table. When the giant went to sleep, Jack explored. He stole a gold harp from the mantel peice and then after exploring for an hour he found a big chicken and he tied the harp on to it and the sack of gold, then he hopped on himself. But the chicken was not used to having things on its back so it skawked as it ran to the door, waking the giant. Jack quickly stammered the passwords: "Fee fi fo fum. I smell the blood of an English man, be he alive or be he dead, I'll grind his bones to make my bread." It was not quickly enough however, The giant came to investigate the noises and was just in time to see Jack and the chicken disappearing through the door. The chicken ran out of the door and down the hill, through the country side around Hastings and Havelock North, across the Tukituki river and up Te Mata Peak with the giant in hot persuit. Eventually the rope that tied the stuff on, broke and Jack fell off the chicken. When the chicken realised the bundle was gone it stopped running, looked around for food to peck and promptly gobbled up a sheep. Jack fell near a woodsman cutting down a tree, just in time to shove it so it fell across the giant's path as he came around the corner. The giant tripped over the tree, did a summersalt, landed heavily on his head, toppled over, and landed on his back, dead. Jack picked up the things that he stole and with the chicken and did some planning of what to say to all the villagers when they awoke in the morning... ... "and so I chopped down the bean stork and the giant fell down dead". he lied to the crowd after explaning the Jack and the bean stork fib that we have today for a few hours. A week later: Jack and his girl friend Jill, were on their daily rounds, selling the giant's big chicken eggs. Jack, with a stolen trolley, would hide behind a bush, while Jill would "sell" the eggs to whoever was at the door. While the customer was geting the money, she would snatch all the things that looked valuable and run away. Later that day, they were going back to Jack's house when they saw... THE GIANT'S WIFE! They dropped all and ran for the hills. The giant's wife looked up and then started to chase them, She caught up at the top of the hill. She gave Jack the biggest punch in the head which knocked him off balance so he rolled back down the hill. Then she threw Jill after him. Thus goes the nursery rhyme: Jack and Jill went up the hill... Jack fell down and broke his crown and Jill came tumbling after.  

<\tphyldoc>  

Once upon a time (all fairy tales start like that, don't
they?), there lived a boy named Jack. 
Now, Jack wasn't the exactly the sharpest knife in the drawer.  In fact, it would be safe to say that he was
as dumb as a stump.  It didn't help his
social standing either that his family was dirt poor.  It just so happened that on this bright, sunny day, Jack was
taking the family car to a local dealership to sell it for some desperately
needed money.  He just drove along, not
sweating the small things (such as stop signs and pedestrians).  He just drove along, happily singing his
favorite song to himself. "I was gonna go to class, but I was high  I coulda cheated, and I coulda passed, but I was high  I'm taking it next semester, and I know why! 'Cause I was high, Because I got high, Because I got high!" Jack was so absorbed in the song, that he barely noticed the
elderly gentleman crossing the street in front of him.  When his single brain cell registered the
fact that there was someone in front of the car, he swerved to avoid hitting
the person.  As soon as he stopped the
car, he jumped out to make sure that the person he nearly hit was all
right.  "I'm really sorry, mister!" Jack
said.  "Are you all right?" "I'm okay," the old man said.  "No harm done."  He
glanced over at the car that Jack was driving, and said, "That's a nice car you
have there, son." "Thanks," Jack said. 
"I'm taking it to a car dealership to sell it." The old man, being the smart, yet manipulative little
rat-bastard that he was, realized that Jack wasn't the brightest kid around,
and decided to play this to his advantage. 
"Really?" he said.  "You know,
I'd be more than willing to take it off of your hands, if you want." "Really?" Jack said. 
"That'd be great!"  He remembered
what his mother said about seeing what he could get for the car, and said,
"Umm  what can you give me for it?" The old man patted the pockets of his jacket, reached into
one, and pulled out a small bag.  "How
about I give you this bag of magic beans for your car?" Jack, being the simple-minded buffoon that he is, smiled
widely and said, "You got a deal, mister!" 
Smiling, Jack took the bag of beans and waved to the old man as he ran
home. The old man just waved back, and said "What a moron." Jack burst through the door to his house, and yelled,
"MOM!  I GOT RID OF THE CAR JUST LIKE
YOU SAID!" Jack's mother, who was only standing three feet away at the
time, said, "Jack, you don't need to yell!" 
After the ringing in her ears stopped, she turned to her son and said,
"Now, then, what did you get for the car?" Jack smiled and held up the bag of beans that the old man
had given him.  "I got a bag of magic
beans from an old man!" he said, smiling like the idiot he was. Jack's mother just stood there for a second before she said
anything.  "You traded the car for some
magic beans?" she said. "Yup!" Jack said, completely oblivious to the level ten
death glare that his mother was giving him. Jack's mother just shook her head, and muttered under her
breath, "He must get it from his father." 
When she had composed herself, she said, "Jack, can I see those
beans?"  Jack handed his mother the
beans, which she immediately threw out the window. "Mom!  What did you
do that for?" Jack said, wondering why his mother would ever want to throw away
magic beans. "Just go to your room," Jack's mother said.  When Jack was gone, she sighed and said,
"Where did I leave that tequila?" After a few hours, Jack fell asleep in his room, and his mother
passed out on the couch after eating the worm at the bottom of the bottle of
tequila.  While both of them were out,
the beans that Jack's mother had thrown out the window began to grow, and a
giant beanstalk grew in the middle of their back yard (bet you never saw that
one coming, eh?).  Needless to say, when
Jack woke up and looked out his window to see a giant beanstalk, he immediately
wondered how it got there.  Deciding
that he should go check it out, he left his room and headed out to the back yard. He looked up the beanstalk, but he couldn't see to the
top.  Curious as to what could be up
there at the top, he started to climb up it. 
After a long climb, he finally reached the top of the beanstalk, and
stepped off of it looking around.  When
he turned to his right, he saw a giant building that looked like one of those
office buildings that he saw in the city before.  Since there was nowhere else to go, he began walking towards the
office building. When Jack walked in the door of the building, he sighed as
he realized that there was really nothing worth looking at there.  Just a desk, some paintings, and a couple of
potted plants that had labels on them that said, "Made in Taiwan".  He saw an elevator door open in front of
him, and decided that he'd try that. Jack got in the elevator and pushed the button for the top
floor.  After an excruciatingly long
ride (you'd be eager to get out of an elevator too if they were playing
Hanson), he got off the elevator and walked towards the desk that was in the
middle of the large room the elevator opened into.  The chair behind the desk turned around, and Jack nearly fainted
when he saw that the person in the chair was the world's richest nerd/computer
geek, Bill Gates. "Hello," Bill said. 
"Is there something that I can help you with?" "Umm " Jack said, his tiny brain struggling to come up with
something to say.  "I'm Jack.  Pleased to meet you." "Nice to meet you too, Jack," Bill said.  "Would you like a tour of the building?" Jack nodded, and Bill got up and showed him around the
building.  Jack saw all kinds of strange
and interesting things.  Eventually,
Bill took Jack to a large room filled with computers, and Jack immediately sat
at the nearest one, which was the only black one in the entire room, trying to
see what kind of games it had on it. 
"This is really cool, Mr. Gates," Jack said, as he began clicking on
everything in sight with the mouse. Bill smiled, and said, "I'm glad you think so, Ja " he
trailed off as he turned around and saw what Jack was doing, and what computer
he was using.  "NO!  DON'T CLICK ON THAT!" Bill yelled, but it
was too late.  Jack clicked the small
skull and crossbones icon on the computer, and a countdown immediately began. Jack didn't know what was happening, but he decided that he
should run, seeing as Bill was running as well.  They managed to get to the lobby when the voice came over the
speakers in the building again: 2 minutes to detonation  please place your head between
your knees and kiss you ass goodbye  Jack and Bill managed to get to the beanstalk, and made it
down the beanstalk in record time.  When
they got to the ground, they heard a loud explosion, and saw a huge flash in
the sky.  Out of nowhere, a giant
Microsoft sign that had been attached to the building hit the beanstalk,
cutting clean through it and causing it to fall over  right onto Jack's house. Jack's mother, who was in the garage at the time, walked
out, looked at the giant beanstalk that had crushed her house, looked at the
giant Microsoft sign that was sticking out of the ground near what was left of
the beanstalk, and then looked at Bill Gates. 
She calmly walked over to Bill, grabbed Jack by the arm, and without
saying anything else, said to Bill, "I'll see you in court!" Well, they did eventually go to court.  Jack's mother sued Bill Gates for an
insanely large amount of cash, and Jack and his family moved into a much nicer
house.  And that, ladies and gentlemen, is
how Jack killed the giant named Microsoft.
