Once upon a time, there was a sweet little girl, who was loved by every one who looked at her, and most of all by her Grandmother. There was nothing that she would not have given the child!
Once she gave her a little cap of red velvet, which suited her so well that she would not wear anything else. So she was always called Little Red-Cap.
One day, her Mother said to her, Come, Little Red-Cap, here is a piece of cake and a bottle of wine. Take them to your Grandmother. She is ill and weak, and they will do her good. Set out before it gets hot. Walk nicely and quietly. Do not run off the path, or you may fall and break the bottle; then your Grandmother will get nothing! When you go into her room, don't forget to say  Good morning,' and don't stop to peep into every corner, before you do it.
I'll take great care, said Little Red-Cap to her Mother, and gave her hand on it.
The Grandmother lived in the wood, half an hour's distance from the village, and just as Little Red-Cap entered the wood, a Wolf met her. Red-Cap did not know what a wicked creature he was, and was not at all afraid of him.
Good-day, Little Red-Cap, said he.
Thank you kindly, Wolf.
Whither away so early, Little Red-Cap?
To my Grandmother's.
What have you got in your apron?
Cake and wine. Yesterday was baking-day, so poor sick Grandmother is to have something good, to make her stronger.
Where does your Grandmother live, Little Red-Cap?
A good quarter of an hour farther on in the wood. Her house stands under the three large oak-trees; the nut-trees are just below. You surely must know it, replied Little Red-Cap.
The Wolf thought to himself, What a tender young creature! what a nice plump mouthful she will be better to eat than the old woman. I must act craftily, so as to catch both.
He walked for a short time by the side of Little Red-Cap, and then he said, See, Little Red-Cap, how pretty the flowers are about here why do you not look round? I believe, too, that you do not hear how sweetly the little birds are singing. You walk gravely along as if you were going to school, while everything else in the wood is merry.
Little Red-Cap raised her eyes, and when she saw the sunbeams dancing here and there through the trees, and pretty flowers growing everywhere, she thought, Suppose I take Grandmother a fresh nosegay. That would please her too. It is so early in the day that I shall still get there in good time.
And so she ran from the path into the wood to look for flowers. And whenever she had picked one, she fancied that she saw a still prettier one farther on, and ran after it, and thus got deeper and deeper into the wood.
Meanwhile, the Wolf ran straight to the Grandmother's house and knocked at the door.
Who is there?
Little Red-Cap, replied the Wolf. She is bringing cake and wine. Open the door.
Lift the latch, called out the Grandmother, I am too weak, and cannot get up.
The Wolf lifted the latch, the door flew open, and without saying a word he went straight to the Grandmother's bed, and devoured her. Then he put on her clothes, dressed himself in her cap, laid himself in bed, and drew the curtains.
Little Red-Cap, however, had been running about picking flowers. When she had gathered so many that she could carry no more, she remembered her Grandmother, and set out on the way to her.
She was surprised to find the cottage-door standing open. And when she went into the room, she had such a strange feeling, that she said to herself, Oh dear! how uneasy I feel to-day, and at other times I like being with Grandmother so much.
She called out, Good morning, but received no answer. So she went to the bed and drew back the curtains. There lay her Grandmother with her cap pulled far over her face, and looking very strange.
Oh! Grandmother, she said, what big ears you have!
The better to hear you with, my Child, was the reply.
But, Grandmother, what big eyes you have! she said.
The better to see you with, my dear.
But, Grandmother, what large hands you have!
The better to hug you with.
Oh! but Grandmother, what a terrible big mouth you have!
The better to eat you with! And scarcely had the Wolf said this, than with one bound he was out of bed and swallowed up Red-Cap.
When the Wolf had satisfied his appetite, he lay down again in the bed, fell asleep and began to snore very loud. The huntsman was just passing the house, and thought to himself, How the old woman is snoring! I must just see if she wants anything.
So he went into the room, and when he came to the bed, he saw the Wolf lying in it. Do I find thee here, thou old sinner! said he. I have long sought thee!
Then just as he was going to fire at him, it occurred to him that the Wolf might have devoured the grandmother, and that she might still be saved. So he did not fire, but took a pair of scissors, and began to cut open the stomach of the sleeping Wolf.
When he had made two snips, he saw the little Red-Cap shining, and then he made two snips more, and the little girl sprang out, crying, Ah, how frightened I have been! How dark it was inside the Wolf!
And after that the aged grandmother came out alive also, but scarcely able to breathe.
Red-Cap then quickly fetched great stones with which they filled the Wolf's body. And when he awoke, he wanted to run away, but the stones were so heavy that he tumbled down at once, and fell dead.
Then all three were delighted. The huntsman drew off the Wolf's skin and went home with it. The grandmother ate the cake and drank the wine which Red-Cap had brought, and grew strong again.
But Red-Cap thought to herself, As long as I live, I will never leave the path to run into the wood, when my mother has forbidden me to do so.

<\tphyldoc>

Once upon a time there was a married couple living in the woods. They made a living selling illegal drugs imported from foreign countries. Well, it wasn't long before the police caught on to what was going on.
"Well dear, it seems the cops have figured it out," the husband said to his wife.
"No," declared the wife. "We are not going to jail. We will send the drugs with Red to my mother's house across the woods. My mother will suspect nothing. If anything, only she will be arrested."
And so that was the plan. Later that day, the couple's daughter Red, who sported a red hooded cape, was given a basket to take to her grandmother's house.
"As the irresponsible and negligent parent that I am," the wife said to her daughter, "I am sending you with this basket of 'goodies' to grandma's all by yourself. When she isn't looking, I want you to hide this basket somewhere in her house where she can't find it.
"Okay," Little Red Riding Hood said, eager to go on the adventure that was about to unfold.
And so off she went. But it wasn't long before trouble began to unfold 
A big bad wolf had been stalking Little Red Riding Hood. And when she was about halfway to her destination, he decided to talk to her 
"Where are you going, little girl?" he asked Red.
"I'm bringing these goodies to my grandmother," squeaked Red.
The big bad wolf licked his lips and said, "You know, it might be a good idea to pick some flowers for your grandmother. I'm sure she'd really appreciate it.
"Are you a man in a wolf suit?" asked Red.
"What the- NO, I'm not a man in a wolf suit!" the wolf answered, thrown off by the sudden change in subject.
"Are you going to eat me and my grandmother?" Red asked.
"NO!" the wolf lied, growing increasingly annoyed with this child.
"Oh, okay," Red responded, satisfied. At this point the wolf thought he saw a window of opportunity to run to grandma's house, but then 
"Are you sure you're not a man in a wolf suit? Because you look like one. A lot. It looks like you're wearing a Halloween costume. And I was a-
"ENOUGH!" shouted the big bad wolf, exasperated. "No wonder your parents sent you away, there's no off-switch on you!" Then he ran away.
And so Little Red Riding Hood picked some flowers and then continued on her way. Meanwhile, the wolf took some shortcuts and reached grandma's house first. He knocked on the door 
"Who is it?" asked an old lady voice from the other side.
"It's me, Red!" the wolf said.
"Well you sure don't sound like Red," grandma said, "but I'll take your word for it. Come on in, my little sweet pea buttercup snuggly wuggly woo woo.
Disgusted by this stupid name, the wolf entered, vomited, ate grandma, and put on a nightgown.
Shortly after, Little Red Riding Hood finally arrived at grandma's. She knocked on the door saying, "Grammy grammily geemily gam gam, it's me, Red!
Again disgusted by stupid names, the wolf vomited, leapt out of bed, flung open the door, and ate Little Red Riding Hood.
It didn't take long for the big bad wolf to find the drugs in the basket. Within weeks he became the biggest drug dealer in the whole forest, putting Little Red Riding Hood's parents out of business. Oh, and they still went to jail.

<\tphyldoc>

Once upon a time there was a seventeen-year-old girl who was admired by everyone who had the privilege of knowing her. None loved her more than her sweet old grandmother. When she was a little girl her grandmother handmade a red cape that suited her so well she was given the nickname Little Red Riding Hood. Nearly 10 years on, and she goes by Red; abandoning the signature hood for a more comfortable red pull over.
After slowly declining with illness, Red's sweet grandmother now refuses to leave her home, relying on her family to look after her. Each week, Red takes a basket of cheese and wine through the forest to her grandmother. The forest is calm, but filled with sounds; damp, but always cool. Red enjoys the long walk through the greenery and the distinct smell of rain and oak. She is however, not the only traveller of the forest; a fact she too often forgets.
The Wolf lies wayward on the rock, just above the trickling stream amidst the rays of sunlight. The night was long and the morning came slow, but it is here. He ignores the impatient growl from his belly, yawning a deep breath into his large lungs. He is startled by a loud roar in the distance. Another wolf? A bear?
Suddenly he is wide awake; a surge of adrenaline fills his veins. His paws make contact with the cold, wet earth as he strides faster towards the noise.
He stops, panting. It is a human. Two of them. Tearing down a tree with a contraption so fierce it could demolish the entire forest. The roar is so convincing even the Wolf, king of the forest, must stop with caution. He turns and heads back to the den, his nerves on edge with hunger.
The small pack stirs from their slumber, woken by the noise. The pack set out to hunt in the dim light of dawn.
The passing months have seen many changes within the hierarchy of the forest. The food chain disrupted, as its predators must change their nature in order to survive. The Wolf is beginning to notice a drastic decrease in prey; he is beyond hungry now...he is famished.
Red, in her comfy black yoga pants and red pull over, sets out down the beaten track paved through the heart of the forest, basket in tow. With her headphones in and music blaring she doesn't notice the gleaming orange eyes and the soft snapping of twigs as she passes.
The Wolf is a stealthy hunter, trailing behind Red for several miles, completely unnoticed. A deafening crack and groan cuts through the tranquil forest.
The Wolf stops and watches in confusion and anticipation.
Crashing through the trees falls the monstrous oak, well over 100 years old. The trunk thumps brashly into the earth. Red stops now, too. Yanking out her headphones, she whips her head around in horror, what was happening to her beloved forest?
The Wolf seizing the opportunity, approaches her swiftly.
Well, well, well, if it isn't little Red, all alone and mislead. You really ought to have stayed in bed.'
Red stops dead in her tracks. Wolf lurks closer with a ravenous grin.
Now look here, my dear, this I contest; I'd rather a deer, or a rabbit at best. But you see this isn't a matter of choice, I could have any, and I don't mean to boast.
Red shuffles looking over her shoulder.

There's no way out, not now, not ever. There used to be food but not in this weather; no trees, no life, but a rumbling murmur' he says as he runs his furry belly.
Red turns on her heels but freezes with Wolf's husky words.

Now now, little girl, you know how this ends, everyone knows we weren't destined to be friends.
He now begins to circle Red.
I not the bad guy, it's not up to me, it's all of you humans who've ruined these trees. You take and take until there's nothing left, you can't even see the mess that you've made. What's left of this forest, one glance and you'll see, there's nowhere to live and nothing left to eat. So now I will eat, a sinner I am not, reduced to eat filth instead of a fox.'
His orange eyes glint with a predatory stare; Red's shriek is heard, through her last breath of air.

<\tphyldoc>

Once upon a time, there was a little girl wearing red hood who likes to play in the woods with her best friend, the wolf. Even her mother often tell her not to play to far inside the woods because there are big bad wolves inside, the girl always disobey her, instead, she being a close friend of the wolf. He is different from the other wolves. He is kind and harmless, always protecting her from any danger.
One day, mother told little red riding hood to visit her ill grandma through the woods, but not to waste time in it. She has to deliver the lunch box that has been prepared for grandma. So she goes into the woods like usual, but while she is walking in the middle of the forest, someone is stalking her from behind. A stranger who is likely a hunter. The hunter walks slowly and carefully, waiting for a proper time to capture the little girl. Unfortunately, little red riding hood noticed there is someone's footstep following her from the behind.
"Who is that? Wolf, is that you?" she shouted, but nobody answers. The sneaky hunter is already hiding somewhere so little red riding hood couldn't see him. Then she walked away again. From where the direction she is going, he knew that little girl is going to visit someone's house in the west wood. He then took a shortcut.
The sneaky hunter has arrived at grandma's house before the little red riding hood does. He knocked the door, pretending as her granddaughter. Her bad hearing and sighting ability made her easily get fooled by the hunter. When he entered the house, he killed the grandmother by his hunting knife then threw her corpse on a chimney, being burnt to ashes. He took some of her clothes from the wardrobe, then wear them to disguise as the grandmother so he could fool little red riding hood too.
The wolf had been following him all along and sees all those evil plan of him from afar. He quickly rushed into the house. The hunter who still have not prepared is being eaten alive by the wolf. Sadly, at that moment, little red riding hood saw that cruel incident when she just arrived there. She assumed that the wolf had eaten her grandma. She feels betrayed by the wolf, her only friend. Wolf tried to explain everything he could, but little red riding hood believe him no more.
She went back to home crying and tells everything she sees to her mother. Since then, the tales of "The Red Little Riding Hood" always make the wolf as a bad character, although the truth is very different.

<\tphyldoc>

After saying that he had an enormous mouth to eat the little girl he started to chase her. Little Red Riding Hood was really scare and also sad about not seeing her grandmother. She asked the wolf where her grandmother was, and he said he already ate her. Little Red Riding Hood got even more scare and started to yell. A woodman who was also a hunter was passing near grandmother's house and listen to the little girls yells. He went into the house and found out that a wolf was chasing the little girl. He took about his riffle and point on him, before he shoots him he thought on making him tell them where grandmother was. The wolf decided to tell the truth, he did not really ate grandmother. He hid her because he wanted to teach Little Red Riding Hood to not trust everyone. He took grandmother out of the closet and let her go hug the little girl. The hunter understood him and agreed with him that the little girl trust so much on everyone, and that it was a good lection. At the end the wolf became friends with them, and they ate the cake the little girl's mother sent to grandmother.

<\tphyldoc>

Once upon a time, there was a beautiful teenage girl. She had long ebony hair and crystal blue eyes. Her features were delicate and her figure was very developed for a girl of her age on the cusp of women hood. Her name was Ruby, but everyone called her Red. this day was just like any other, jeans, t-shirt, jacket and tennis shoes. it was just getting cold outside and today was one of the days she had to walk to her grandmothers house. So she grabbed her bag and headed for the door. It was just a few blocks nothing scary. Or so she thought. She turned down the road and saw one of her neighbors drive by in his white work van. He stopped and asked if she wanted a ride, but she kindly declined and started walking again. He pulled a little closer to her and asked again, and again she declined and headed off. He then picked up speed and chased after Red till he finally hit her. He didn't hit her hard enough to kill her but just enough to knock her out. He got out of his van and dragged her limp body to the back doors. Then he threw her in not caring how badly he bruised the poor girl. On the way to his house he passes her grandmothers house and stops to talk to her. She asked if he had seen Red and that she should have been there by now. He shook his head and replied with a sympathetic no. He then turned and went back to the van. Getting in the van he notices Red is starting to wake up. So he turns around and tells her to be quiet. Then he beats her in the forehead with the side of a hammer and her lights go back out. When he and Red pull into his driveway he slows to a halt and puts the van in park. He gets out of the van then throws Red over his shoulder and carries her inside. Red finally wakes up, but something is wrong. She wakes up to find herself tied to a wall in his basement standing up. She tries screaming, but nothing can be heard. the man comes down the stairs holding a tray with a knife and some towels. Why are you doing this she asks why do u want to hurt me. He doesn't reply, he just simply walks over to her. He starts to slowly unzip her jacket and takes it off of her. He then unbuttons her jeans and takes them off of her. Grabbing her breasts and kissing her holding her tightly. Ripping her shirt off and licking her breasts, Red realizes that this may be her last moments alive. Just as he is about to unhook her bra she notices he left enough room for her to remove her foot from the rope if she took off her shoes. She slowly but surly gets one shoe off and quickly brings her knee up and knees him in the crotch. Doing this gave her enough time to untie the rest of her and run. She ran long and hard. She ran straight to her grandmas house. When she got there, she burst through the door and ran to her grandmas room. She opened the door and walked to her grandmas bed crying. Red laid a hand on the bed. Then the man jumps up from under the covers and stabs her in the stomach.
"You can run, But you cant hide!"
