It was so terribly cold. Snow was falling, and it was almost dark. Evening came on, the last evening of the year. In the cold and gloom a poor little girl, bareheaded and barefoot, was walking through the streets. Of course when she had left her house she'd had slippers on, but what good had they been? They were very big slippers, way too big for her, for they belonged to her mother. The little girl had lost them running across the road, where two carriages had rattled by terribly fast. One slipper she'd not been able to find again, and a boy had run off with the other, saying he could use it very well as a cradle some day when he had children of his own. And so the little girl walked on her naked feet, which were quite red and blue with the cold. In an old apron she carried several packages of matches, and she held a box of them in her hand. No one had bought any from her all day long, and no one had given her a cent.
Shivering with cold and hunger, she crept along, a picture of misery, poor little girl! The snowflakes fell on her long fair hair, which hung in pretty curls over her neck. In all the windows lights were shining, and there was a wonderful smell of roast goose, for it was New Year's eve. Yes, she thought of that!
In a corner formed by two houses, one of which projected farther out into the street than the other, she sat down and drew up her little feet under her. She was getting colder and colder, but did not dare to go home, for she had sold no matches, nor earned a single cent, and her father would surely beat her. Besides, it was cold at home, for they had nothing over them but a roof through which the wind whistled even though the biggest cracks had been stuffed with straw and rags.
Her hands were almost dead with cold. Oh, how much one little match might warm her! If she could only take one from the box and rub it against the wall and warm her hands. She drew one out. R-r-ratch! How it sputtered and burned! It made a warm, bright flame, like a little candle, as she held her hands over it; but it gave a strange light! It really seemed to the little girl as if she were sitting before a great iron stove with shining brass knobs and a brass cover. How wonderfully the fire burned! How comfortable it was! The youngster stretched out her feet to warm them too; then the little flame went out, the stove vanished, and she had only the remains of the burnt match in her hand.
She struck another match against the wall. It burned brightly, and when the light fell upon the wall it became transparent like a thin veil, and she could see through it into a room. On the table a snow-white cloth was spread, and on it stood a shining dinner service. The roast goose steamed gloriously, stuffed with apples and prunes. And what was still better, the goose jumped down from the dish and waddled along the floor with a knife and fork in its breast, right over to the little girl. Then the match went out, and she could see only the thick, cold wall. She lighted another match. Then she was sitting under the most beautiful Christmas tree. It was much larger and much more beautiful than the one she had seen last Christmas through the glass door at the rich merchant's home. Thousands of candles burned on the green branches, and colored pictures like those in the printshops looked down at her. The little girl reached both her hands toward them. Then the match went out. But the Christmas lights mounted higher. She saw them now as bright stars in the sky. One of them fell down, forming a long line of fire.
"Now someone is dying," thought the little girl, for her old grandmother, the only person who had loved her, and who was now dead, had told her that when a star fell down a soul went up to God.
She rubbed another match against the wall. It became bright again, and in the glow the old grandmother stood clear and shining, kind and lovely.
"Grandmother!" cried the child. "Oh, take me with you! I know you will disappear when the match is burned out. You will vanish like the warm stove, the wonderful roast goose and the beautiful big Christmas tree!"
And she quickly struck the whole bundle of matches, for she wished to keep her grandmother with her. And the matches burned with such a glow that it became brighter than daylight. Grandmother had never been so grand and beautiful. She took the little girl in her arms, and both of them flew in brightness and joy above the earth, very, very high, and up there was neither cold, nor hunger, nor fear-they were with God.
But in the corner, leaning against the wall, sat the little girl with red cheeks and smiling mouth, frozen to death on the last evening of the old year. The New Year's sun rose upon a little pathetic figure. The child sat there, stiff and cold, holding the matches, of which one bundle was almost burned.
"She wanted to warm herself," the people said. No one imagined what beautiful things she had seen, and how happily she had gone with her old grandmother into the bright New Year.


<\tphyldoc>

The trees and the leaves shook very hard. And the people's hair flicked and their hats flew away. A girl named Amanda shivered on the street selling matches. She had to sell all her matches or else her drunken father would beat her.
As Amanda sold her matches, she met a poor girl named Jane. Jane also had a hard time because her parents were gone. Even though they were having a hard time, they were kind to each other. Amanda and Jane helped each other and became friends. For example, when Amanda had a small bread, she shared the bread even though she was very hungry. When Jane had a thin blanket, she shared her blanket with Amanda even though she was very cold.
The wind blew harder, and the trees shook harder. It became colder so Amanda made fire with one of her matches. Just then, they saw a grandmother in the fire. Then the fire was gone. It was strange so she made another fire with another match. Then they saw a delicious looking hot chocolate with marshmallow on it. Even though they were not drinking it, they still felt happy. Just then a cold with blew and made the fire go away. Amanda wanted to make another fire, but there was only one match left. When Amanda tried to make another fire, she remembered her drunken father. If her father found out that there was not much money, she was going to be beaten. Amanda decided not to go home, because she knew that her father will find out money missing and hit her. So she matched up the last match. Jane and Amanda saw a beautiful Christmas tree with many decorations. Amanda and Jane felt surprised because they haven't seen a Christmas tree before.
While Amanda and Jane looked at the Christmas tree that was in the fire, a grandmother came with a smile on her face. The grandmother told them that she wanted to have a friend but nobody like her. So Amanda and Jane told the grandmother that they will be her friend. Then the grandmother made a big smile. The grandmother got excited and wanted to invite them to her house. Amanda could go because she already decided to not go home. Jane could go too because she didn't have anyone waiting for her. So they decided to go.
When they got to the grandmother's house, they found out that she was a rich grandmother. However in the grandmother's house, the grandmother gave Amanda and Jane a hot chocolate with some marshmallow in it. While they were having the hot chocolate, they remembered the matches they saw. The matches showed what is going to happen. They also remembered the Christmas tree. When they turned around, they saw a big, shining Christmas tree. They were surprised. After looking at the Christmas tree, grandmother came and said that she wanted to talk with them. So Amanda and Jane sat down on the couch. They had some fun talking. Just then, the grandmother asked them if they don't have to go back home. Jane told her that she was okay because her parents are gone so nobody was waiting for her. The grandmother asked Amanda. At first, Amanda didn't talk but after a few minutes, she told the grandmother that she is too scared to go back home because of her drunken father.
After the grandmother heard the story of Amanda and Jane, the grandmother asked them if they will like to live with her. They were surprised. They thought the grandmother was kidding but it was not. Jane said it was great, but Amanda said she can't because of her father. The grandmother said that if she doesn't mind, she can call the police and let them put her father in jail for hitting a child. Amanda thought of his father and remembered all the bad things he had done to her. When she tried to remember the good things, she couldn't think of an, so she felt angry. So she said yes. At last Jane and Amanda lived happily with the grandmother and the drunken father was caught by police.

<\tphyldoc>

It's so cold. I can barely feel my toes anymore, but I have no choice. I will stay out all night if necessary. Father won't let me in anyway if I can't bring enough money. So I'll have to sell all my lucifer matches. It's February and the snow falls heavily on my shoulders. I am clad in a thin cloak, an old shawl covers my head, but it's already soaked by now...
"Mister! A match, Mister?", I cry out when a Gentleman passes me by. Well, actually he's not quite a Gentleman for he simply pushes me out of his way and rushes on. A sorrowful sigh escapes my lips and I decide to walk a little bit to warm my freezing feet. I'm almost barefoot for all I wear on my feet is a pair of woollen socks and over them plastic bags I've found in a trash can to keep the wetness away. I've had shoes once, but a boy stole them from me to make fun of me some time ago. Now I feel the snow and ice cutting into the soles of my feet and it hurts so badly, but there's nothing I can do about it.
A dignified Lady walks not far from me and I call out as loud as my aching throat and fading voice would let me, "Ma'am, a match to warm your hands" She ignores me, pretends not to see me. I want to run to her, get her attention and her money, but she's faster than I am and her legs are so much longer. The cold creeps into my every bone and I fear, it will soon freeze my heart. I have to hurry.
My desperately searching eyes catch the frame of an aging man, who holds a pipe between his teeth and is clapping on his chest and waist. He needs fire, I think happily and as fast as my meagre legs would carry me I rush to him and hold out a match. But before a word comes from my bluish lips he pulls something from his pocket. It's a lighter and discouraged I watch the tobacco in his pipe blaze. If I had any tears left I would be crying now.
The sky above me is not only dark but pitch-black and it's been like that for what feels like an eternity. The people around me become fewer and fewer. As I pass by a toy store I hear the clicking noise of their open/closed-sign being turned, followed by the similar noise of the door getting locked. I walk on and try not to pay attention – it's not hard though, I barely notice my surroundings anymore. And I don't see the carriage approaching me... I hear hoofs clacking on the cobblestones behind me and when I turn around I face a black horse. Startled I jump back as fast as possible before the horses can knock me down and they miss me only by a palm. The coachman doesn't even bothers to scold me... When I went out with my full box of matches it was still bright day. Father has given me a rather big slice of dark bread for breakfast and one for the rest of the day, both had been gone all too soon.
"Matches, lucifer matches; to ignite your cigarettes, cigars and pipes; matches to emblaze your fireplace; warm your hands; Matches, lucifer matches", I all but mumble, the words painfully slowly dripping from my mouth. I can feel the moister of my breath turning into ice in the tiny wrinkles of my trembling lips. It's highly doubtful that the people hurrying past me are even able to hear my murmurs, but I keep on trying, for no apparent reason. I could be scared of not selling enough matches to be allowed at home, but that's not it. I just advertise my goods because my mind is too tired and too cold to come up with anything else and the constant speech distracts me, for I have to concentrate hard on repeating my words over and over again. Anything that keeps me from focusing on the cold and the hunger growing unbearable in my belly is a good idea.
"Matches, lucif-" Suddenly my straight stare catches an orange light. Out of the corners of my eyes I see a large, high window enlightened by candles. I can't resist, I have to step up to it. It's hard to open my fingers, they feel stiff and it hurts so much – I know it's because of the cold, but I don't feel it in my hands anymore, all I feel is sharp stinging. But somehow I manage to grab the sill and pull my little body up, enough to get a glimpse of what's behind the pane. I'm standing on tiptoe and I fear my toes would simply break apart, but they don't and even if they would, I wouldn't be able to leave my spying position. My breath comes intermittent, I can hear it and it sounds like a suffocating animal. In my side I feel a sting, but it's neither from the cold nor from hunger, it's because on the other side of the window I can see a small family neatly seated around a large table, decorated and engarlanded. There's a beautiful woman hugging a small boy tenderly to her chest and a man, I assume it's her husband bends over to them, kissing his wife on her frown. On the floor there is a large amount of toys, all shining new and painted in gay colours. As the boy breaks free from his mother's grip and runs towards the bunch of toys I recognize him. He is the boy who has stolen my shoes. I recall the picture of him turning to his friends and swaying my porous slippers before he threw them into a river. They laughed so hard at me when I tried to get my shoes back and nearly fell into the water. I started to cry and they laughed even louder. Now that I see him with his family gathered around the festively decorated table, prepared to celebrate and say goodbye to the old year I feel so jealous and sad at the same moment. I wish I was like him and I don't understand why he is this and I am that... As a huge feast gets served by a young maid and an aging butler I reluctantly lower my gaze and loosen my grip on the sill, sliding down the brick wall. In no more than a split second I saw so much food, so much food I badly wanted. My mouth gets watery, which isn't all bad, because it's causing a slight warmth to built in my throat.
I don't want to see anybody now. I want to be in a warm place, like the boy's home I just saw and I want to be there all by myself... or with Nanna... but since all this is no option I prepare myself to stride through the grey streets and search for customers for another endless amount of time. There are so few people who are still outside and nobody wants my matches. I have still ten left and I fear I won't get rid of them.
Just as I want to head for the next big street I notice there is a narrow blind alley between the house of the boy and the next building. I could really use a break and the place looks windless to me – the snow is falling vertically which would be a nice diversion, I think. So I walk in there and place my box with the matches on the driest spot I can find. It is indeed windless and the still falling snowflakes don't actually bother me, they may be cold, but they're nothing compared to the cutting storm I've been through. Quite thankful I sit down next to my box. I know that my coat would be soaked in a few minutes, so I brush some of the white dots away before I slide down and relax.
It feels nice to sit here. My feet are grateful for the pause and I feel them tingle when I pull them nearer to my body. For a short while I stay like that, motionless, enjoying the peace and rest. But all too soon I recognize the cold creeping into my bones again, cooling my blood. I throw a hazy gaze at the box. There are still those ten matches left... It's so incredibly tempting as I imagine the soft warmth spreading from lighted wood. My hand starts to move on its own – and as I notice this I pull it back reluctantly, but sternly. "No", I whisper, I slur. No, I think, no, I can't do this. Father wants the money they're worth. He wouldn't allow me to come in when I haven't brought enough coins. I can't risk it... can I?
It is so cold, so unspeakably cold. My shoulders are shaking so badly it hurts in my upper arms. I can't think clearly anymore. All I'm able to notice is the cold, the ice dragging in my hair and how my nose feels like it wasn't mine at all, like it was somebody else's. I wonder if my lashes can freeze too...
I can't stand it anymore, I cannot resist... Wildly and apathetically I reach out for the box's content. I grab one of the matches and stare at it. I don't know what I'm thinking, or even feeling, I just stare at it as if it was about to tell me what to do next. Eventually I graze it across the brick wall and it begins to sparkle instantly. As the sparkles turn into an even flame I crowd my other hand around it and the heat hits my palm. How good that feels, how pleasing.
A weak smile forms on my cracked lips and my eyelids feel heavy. I stare into the flame and enjoy myself. Though I'm really tired I'm alright and I don't want to get up, even if I could walk home now I wouldn't.
Utterly unexpected the small flame morphs into something else before my eyes. I watch the colours expanding and brightening. Then finally I recognize its new form, it's a large furnace with a messing two-wing door and in its opening there is a cheery fire burning. Excited I shift closer to the dancing flames and stretch out my legs, warming the tired soles of my feet. I bend a little forward to hold my hands closer to the heat too and for an odd second I wonder if the joyous fire can match the sparkle in my eyes.
All of a sudden the furnace vanishes and my outstretched hands hold only the burnt lucifer match. A slight wad of smoke steams from it and the smile fades from the corners of my mouth leaving nothing back but tired, hungry and freezing me.
I sigh, too fast the cold has me back and I try to warm myself by wrapping my scrawny arms around my chest, rubbing my skin through the rough fabric. Just one more, I think, encouraging myself to light another match – it doesn't take much, my fingers are fumbling in the box already and within a short moment I look into a flickering flame again.
And anew the fire surprises me with a magical sight. The brick wall behind it is starting to fade until it is entirely translucent. A soft, sorrowful yet pleased sigh escapes my throat when I see the home of the mean boy. The family is not in it, but the feast is still neatly arranged on the large table. There's plum pudding, various pasties, cream gateau, a glistening jar full of an obviously sticky, cherry pink liquid and so much more tempting food, but I don't actually see anything of the rest. My gaze gets caught by a huge, festive, glazed turkey surrounded by all the goodies in the middle of the table. That has to be the tastiest smell I've ever breathed in. As if answering my silent prayers the dish begins to rattle on its plate and eventually the turkey jumps up and shambles over to me. I can feel my mouth getting watery and I have to swallow, causing my stomach to grumble noisily. When the turkey hops into the hole in the brick wall I reach for its haunch – but my fingers just close tighter around the extinguishing match and with the light the wonderful, delicious meal absconds.
I hold onto the blackened match for another while, desperately hoping for the food to reappear, but it won't and it makes my guts turn over painfully.
I don't care any longer. Eagerly I emblaze a third match and hold it close to my face. Intensely staring into its wreathing flame I wait for another small miracle to happen.
"Oh", I smile as the sparkle multiplies into a good dozen, each new spot settling on a branch of a deep green Christmas tree. It's huge and beautifully decorated with ornaments and wrapped goodies in the fanciest colours. I hurry to stand before it, enchanted clapping my hands together. The smile on my face widens and now I'm flashing my most joyful grin. Under the tree I spot a big bunch of presents, all wrapped in glittering paper and decorated with keen bows. I don't know why, but I have to stand up on tiptoes. Never before have I witnessed such an alluring scene. I can't decide whether I want to pick sweets from the Christmas tree's branches or rush to its bole to tear the wrapping paper from the gifts. Irresolutely my gaze lingers a little bit longer on the bright candles.
Utterly unaware I watch the dancing flames wandering upwards until they settle in the skies above. The lights only stars now and the tree along with all the presents is gone. One of the stars which too had been a Christmas tree candle less than a second ago falls. I title my head and narrow my eyes a bit. "Somebody is dying...", I mumble for when my Nanna was still alive she used to tell me, when a star falls from the sky somewhere someone goes to heaven to be with God. Nanna, I muse full of sorrow, oh, how I miss you...
There are still seven matches left. Three are already gone. Father won't allow me to come in and if for some reason he allows me to come home he'll beat me at least. He'll do either of it anyway, hence I take a fourth match and ignite it without further hesitation.
I fix my eyes upon the flame and try to concentrate. I picture its heat spreading from the wood into my fingers, over my wrists, down my arms and from my shoulders flowing into every corner of my body until it would eventually reach my toes. Besides that I hope for another beautiful vision, one which would linger longer than a few seconds, one letting me actually enjoy what I witness...
I concentrate so hard on the fire, it splits in front of my stare and now there are two flames, but those two shift, they get rounder and darker. There's only a small sparkle left in them and suddenly I recognize they're eyes.
"Nanna?", I gasp afraid to have my hopes raised and nonetheless crushed in the end. But the figure in front of me just smiles at me and her nose wrinkles while she's doing so. I know this expression oh so well. I examine it each single night in my dreams... "Nanna", I pant again, this time completely convinced and I feel the corners of my own mouth shooting upwards. I'm in her arms so swiftly I can't remember ever being anywhere else but in this soothing embrace. My frown is resting against her shoulder and I feel so at ease, but then I remember where I actually am and the fear creeps into my heart. Reluctantly I pull away from Nanna and gaze into her loving eyes, mine giving off a severe look. "Nanna, I know, when the match has burnt down you will be gone, just like the oven, the feast and the Christmas tree... but, Nanna, I don't want you to be gone. Please, take me with you. Don't leave me alone", I beg her. She's just gazing back at me, her expression sorrowful.
Desperately I turn around and grab every remaining match from my box and graze them all over the brick wall. Immediately they lighten up and give me their brightest flame.
When my eyes come to rest on my Grandmother's again I can see a reassuring glance in them. Assuaged I sigh and burry my face in her apron. Kind hands come to my hair and frame my face. I feel a kiss being placed on the top of my head and then the small of my body lifts. I look up at Nanna and she smiles, wrinkling her nose.
Nanna takes my hand in hers and together we leave and as I slowly walk past my lifeless, little frame still crouching on the cold ground, getting more and more covered in snow I tightly hold onto my Grandmother's hand.
I feel loved.
Some hours later, when sun has risen a crowd gathers around my cold, stiff body in the streets. They see the burnt matches in front of me and a fancily dressed woman whispers, "Oh, how sad. She tried to warm herself – but froze to death however" They sigh and some whimper, the fancy woman even sheds a tear. But don't they see I'm softly smiling? ...
Don't feel sorry for me... I died tonight. I died alone in the middle of the coldest of nights, in empty streets, snow falling upon me and burying me partially. My very short life has been miserable and forsaken, a life I never asked for. And tonight I died. Together with my beloved Nanna I went to heaven, where there is no pain, no sorrow, no cold and no hunger. It is a place that is at ease and has me now.
Don't feel sorry for me, don't cry for me. I am at peace and I am with God now. Eventually I've come to a place where I'm loved…

<\tphyldoc>

Candles and lamps twinkled merrily as snow lightly dusted the streets and the tops of people's heads. It was half an hour to midnight, and the majority of the people had gone inside to eat, drink, and be merry with their family and close friends, for it was Christmas Eve, and people were drunk with happiness. There were only a few stragglers outside, and most of them were bustling home with their arms filled with presents.
Among those still in the streets was a small boy, his blond locks nearly hidden by the dirt and grime that had accumulated on his head, and his clothes nothing but mere rags that clung onto his thin, frail body. In his hands, he held a small bundle of sticks, and if anyone had bothered to glance harder in his direction, they would have seen that it was a bundle of matches.
The boy was an orphan, and because the orphanage that he had lived in had because too full, they kicked him out in the hopes that the holiday cheer would be infectious enough for someone to take him in. Unfortunately, none of the holiday cheer had reached deep into the hearts of anyone that the boy had met, and he was forced to beg (however reluctant he was to do so) from people who only turned their heads away from him and sniffed their noses in disdain.
'Who is this rude little boy,' they though to themselves, 'that could be so shameful as to beg from us when we have nothing to spare him?'
Eventually, someone had taken pity on the poor boy, and as an early Christmas present, had given him a handful of matches that, according to the man that had given the matches, would light if struck onto any hard surface. The matches were the only things that the boy received that night, and he hung onto them as if they were his lifeline.
As the clock ticked closer to midnight, the people on the street had slowly filtered themselves into their own homes, and the small boy was the only one left, his bare feet turning blue as he plodded along, staring at the endless rows of houses, each house with its own special light that glowed faintly out onto the sidewalks, each light enticing the boy with so many promises of warmth, of love, and of so much hope that they boy couldn't bear it, and turned his eager and bright eyes to look into the nearest window, reaching up on his toes to see into the window.
But the window had become clouded over because of the cold, and all the boy could see was the ever-faint light and vague shadows, as if it were a shadow puppet show and he an observer with bad eyesight.
The boy turned away, disappointed, until he remembered about the bundles of matches that were still in his hand, digging into his numbed skin. With newfound joy, he fumbled to grab a match with two fingers, and struck it against the bricks that lined the window of the house.
Immediately, the air next to him filled with warmth, and the fogged up windows watered down and cleared to show two little children playing on a luxurious rug by a bright fireplace that crinkled and winked at the children as if it were alive. The children looked to be no older than 5, and they were playing with dolls, their faces bright from both the fire from the fireplace and from the delight they took in playing with their toys. Next to the children was a giant pine tree that decorated with shiny baubles, strings of popcorn, and on top of the tree, a gold star that twinkled brilliantly. A man, who looked no older than 20, watched the children with an ever-present smile on his face, although when the children looked in his direction, he tried to conceal his smile with a scowl. The blond boy outside looked at the scene before him wishfully, before the match reached its end and burned out.
The boy looked at the blackened nub regretfully, before looking at the bundle of matches, hesitant to use up his only Christmas gift. But when he thought of the joy that he saw in the children's faces, and how warm he felt when he lit the match, both inside and out, and how his fingers felt oh-so-deliciously warm, his hand automatically went to the matches and without a second thought, his other hand quickly latched onto two of his precious matches and struck each on onto the bricks again, this time a bit quicker and rushed.
The fog that had crept back to its original place on the window dissipated again, but instead of the two children playing near the fireplace, there was something entirely different. Rows upon rows of children were seated on benches. The benches were lavished with silken cloth, and upon the tablecloths were dozens upon dozens of plates, steaming from being freshly made and one look would have left even a prince's mouth salivating.
The boy looked at the food longingly, before something, or rather, someone, caught his eye. A little boy who looked about 7 sat near the end of the table, his pitch-black hair meticulously clean and combed back, and his clothes looked as though wrinkles could never settle upon them. But while his face had on a small smile, his eyes held no light, and his shoulders drooped slightly. The blond boy at the window stared intently at him, but before he could figure out why the young boy was so familiar, the matches were blown out by a small puff of wind, and the fog curled around the window once more.
The blond boy, not caring whether or not he used up his matches and determined to figure out who the boy was, took three of his matches out now, striking it on the bricks once more and put the matches near the window again. The images in the window changed; this time, the same brunet that had been in the image through the window was in it, only there was a blond in the picture as well. They looked as if they had been mock-wrestling, and although they both looked disheveled and worn-out, the blond seemed to have won, for he was prancing around the room in glee, while the raven-haired boy just looked at him apathetically, and his mouth moved, as if he was saying something. The blond boy who was dancing around the room immediately crossed his arms and stuck his tongue out.
When the blond boy staring at the window saw that face, it clicked. He was the blond boy on the other side of the window. The other boy was Sasuke, or more affectionately known by him as 'the little loser', and had been his best friend, until he had died in an unfortunate accident in which he had been trampled upon by a horse carriage while he had gone to fetch a ball from the street.
And finally, the three matches were near the end, and the little blond boy panicked. He needed this image, and even if it was a false memory, this was about one of his most precious people, and he struggled to grab the matches from his hand, determined to keep the flame burning and the vision in the window of the two boys alive, and more importantly, of Sasuke.

The next day, people looked curiously at the dead young boy who lay near the window of a house, with his fingers tightly wrapped around burnt stubs, unrecognizable blond hair, rags barely covering his body, and his body half-covered in snow. Some people who claimed that they were near the boy before he died said that he had been lighting matches one by one, 'probably to light himself to death'.
But if anyone looked closer at the boy's face, they would have seen a small smile that graced his face. The smile of a child who had received the greatest Christmas gift of all.


<\tphyldoc>


It was dreadfully cold. A lone figure walked along, darting into the shadows at the slightest of sounds. New Year's Eve had arrived, and most were inside homes and celebrating with friends as they watched ball drop in Times Square. She was the only one outside this cold and snowy night, dressed in an oversized smock that tied in the back, and the restraints still around her wrists and ankles.


No shoes were to be found, she had not gotten the chance to grab any in her escape while the orderlies went through their shift change. The lack of shoes did not phase the little girl though, and she continued on her trip to find her home.


She walked along while clutching in her hand her one joy in life, this box of matches was her only friend. She struck one and in the burst of light a smile shown on her face. Fire provided excitement and warmth, and became a living, consuming creature when let loose and she would always let it loose.


A face appeared in the flames, her mother's face. Her mother had been the first to notice the little girl's obsession with watching things burn, though at first it was passed off as a phase she was going through. Soon the problem proved far worse than anyone had anticipated. The little girl's pace quickened as she was reminded of her mother and her family.


No one had loved her for as she was, and no one had loved her fire as she had. They told her she was a pyromaniac and a danger to everyone. The little girl would eventually kill people they were told, and her mother had not wanted a problem child in her household, disrupting her perfect life in her perfect neighborhood.


She needed to find her family, needed to show them they were wrong about fire. She glanced down longingly at the box in her hands, before shaking her head and reminding herself she needed to find her family. With this she continued on, her feet turning blue with the cold and her teeth chattering, until she arrived at the home she was looking for. It was lit up, and the people laughed and smiled as they celebrated on this cold winter night.


The little girl walked up to the door, and finding it unlocked, walked in and headed towards the room that had been hers. These people needed to see the glory of fire, and in a fireplace she could see a face telling her she needed to show them.


She struck another match, and frowned as she saw the image of her family coming to visit her in the asylum. They talked of their new home and their new life, all without her (though this was not spoken of). There was also talk of their hope the little girl was "getting better", even though they were the ones who there was clearly something wrong with. How could they not see the love and glory present in flames.


Fire was her life and her friend. Fire was the family she never had, and it never disappointed her. It was free when she could not be, and wild when she was forced to be restrained. She had proved this to the people of the asylum when she set the place aflame as she left. Never again would she be locked up in that horrible place her family had abandoned her to.


She continued to walk, looking for the perfect place to plan her final proof to her family and now their friends. While at the asylum, the little girl had dreamed of this day and this moment. She had dreamed of coming home, to her family's open arms and they would say, "Oh, we were wrong. How foolish we were to doubt you!" She could see them all smiling and herself being welcomed back and taken out of that wretched place. They would love her like the fire did.


However, before she used the gasoline she had found in the garage, she struck one more match, and a smirk lit up her face when a familiar face appeared in the flames. Here was the one who had showed her the truth behind the flames.


"Do it. Show them the lies they've been taught. Prove to them you're not crazy and not to be locked up." The face had a soothing voice that seemed to echo into the depths of her mind, with such sincerity there was no doubt in the little girl's mind that it was telling the truth. It had never lied to her before, through the burning down of the little girl's first home, or through the burning down of the asylum, and it was not lying to her now.


She opened the can of gasoline and started liberally pouring it around her family's new house, finally stopping in the room that had been promised for when she returned home. In this room, she poured and stopped in the middle of the room, surveying her work. She had trapped the family and friends in one room with gasoline on all sides, and had already started the fire there. Now, all that was left was this one last fire. She struck the one last match, and with a careless toss started the flames.


Too late she realized she had trapped herself in the burning house, and further trapped herself in the bedroom with gasoline all around her. As the flames raised around her, she could see the arms of her mother beckoning to her. She smiled, and with a shout of "Mother!" rushed into the arms with a laugh. In those flames, the little girl finally found the love and warmth she had been looking for in all the fires she set.

<\tphyldoc>


The cold bit into his extremities on that dark, snowy Christmas Eve. Cheer was evident on the passerby's faces as they walked by and paid no mind to the poor boy wandering the streets, looking lost yet perfectly knowing where he was. They wouldn't want their holiday cheer or good conscience stained, spoiled or even ruined. But it wouldn't be much better if they left him to starve.
The child's face and hands were exposed to the frigid air, his bare feet shuffled along in the snow. Shoes? He was sure he had those a while ago, but he couldn't recall when or where he had lost them. Not that it mattered now. He probably lot there somewhere on the streets, and even if he went back to retirever them, they wouldn't be of any use anymore. His small hands, red from the cold, clutched the small bundle of matches he was supposed to be selling, attempting to disspell the numb feeling creeping up on them. All day he shuffled around, attempting to sell at least one of the small sticks, but no one gave him even a penny.
It was futile, he knew that. The little one heaved a sigh, his small frame shuddering, the very image of misery. If only he had a warm house to return to, a loving family around him... But no, his home was just as cold as the outdoors, being run down and worn. His uncle (caretaker, he reminded himself) would beat him for not having sold a single match. Even if he did succeed in coming back with a few meager coins for once, it was never enough. The small amount of money seemed to fall right through their hands, amounting to nothing once again.
But here, he could observe the lights dance around merrily, the snowflakes drifted down to settle in his blond locks, dusting his surroundings in an enchanting white veil. Yes, it was Christmas, the time of happiness, love and giving... But the lights only seemed to taunt him, the laughter resounding from windows telling him of a life he never will live. The poor child was honestly said, jealous.
But somehow, it comforted him all the same.
It reminded him that happiness still existed.
Just not where he was.
He longed for the warmth.
But... Perhaps... Perhaps he could make do? One match couldn't possibly hurt...
A shaky hand picked out one, careful not to drop it in the snow and render it unusable. Ritsch. A small flame spluttered to life in his hands, warming them. Oh, how wonderful it felt. He closed his blue eyes as he imagined a roaring fireplace...
The orange flames crackled merrily, beckoning him closer to its light, its warmth. The way each wisp licked at the logs, the way the wood became white with ash... It felt like it was offering a home, some vague feeling of comfort and warmth. He reached out to warm his hands, shivering-
And the match went out.
Longing for more, he lit another one without hesitation, the light dancing around in his hands. The light made the cold brick walls around him melt away, the interior of the brightly lit houses now clearly visible. The families laughed, every last one of them were happy. Smiling and laughing, telling stories and sharing dinner- The smell of freshly-baked bread, cookies and pastries was inviting, willing for him to come closer, the aroma of roast meat doing the same, but not quite as much as the merry smiles, the sense of belonging. He fancied that he did belong to them, that he was a part of their camaraderie. As he watched, a black-haired boy with a lopsided cap and an equally lopsided grin spotted him and began walking over to the poor match boy. The ravenets mouth moved, but no sound came, and he extended his hand to help the other up, to invite him as well.
Just as he was about to accept the hand, the match flickered and died, the boy with the cap obscured from sight by a grey wall, the light fading into darkness, leaving the blond to wonder whether he had been real. Regardless, he struck another.
And from this one, a glorious burst of light came forth, branching out in tendrils of heavenly illumination, weaving, dancing, twirling, until a dazzling golden Christmas tree gleamed softly before him. It was the most beautiful thing he had ever beheld- Even more so than the tree standing in the square, the sight of pure white snow lying on the ground untouched or the windows covered by a thin layer of frost, creating endlessly intricate patterns. The stars in the sky became the ornaments upon the branches, and the angel at the very top smiled down at him, messy brown hair swept aside by the wind.
Kind azure eyes and pristine white wings, too, disappeared in an instant as the boy's match died once more. And in the heavens above, a single star fell, leaving a long trail of fire in its wake.
Someone must be dying. He thought to himself as he saw the streak disappear- For the star had fallen from its place from the heavens... To retrieve? Or simply to fall from its place over the heavens? The blond could only wonder why, but perhaps a soul was ascending to the galaxies and beyond, into the arms of their ancestors, their loved ones who had already departed, to be reunited once more, as his brother had always believed. To ascend, just as his brother had.
Shivering at the thought, he dragged another match against the brick wall, lighting it and letting another small tongue of flame come to life- And in the glow, his brother stood, hazy, but there, looking as lively as he had been, once, all those years ago. Perhaps he had been that shooting star. Perhaps he had been the one for his brother to retrieve- And dearly wishing that this was true, the boy cried out, reaching towards the already fading form of the other.
"D-don't... Don't go! Please, take me with you! I don't want you to disappear... Not like everything, everyone else!"
"Claus!"
Realising that his flame was about to go out, the blond boldly took all of his matches and struck them, not caring anymore what his uncle would think if he ever came back, the hazy image becoming clearer than ever, glowing and engulfing the two in warmth. The blond reached out as Claus did, the other catching him just as the former was about to fall with a light, carefree laugh.
"It's okay, Lucas. I'm right here. Let's go home."
Finally, Lucas relaxed and cracked a smile. It had been too long since he had heard the others voice. And then, seeing how tired he had been all this time, he let his eyes fall closed as he drifted off, away from reality, to fall into a neverending dream of hope, joy and warmth, to play in the fields of sunflowers and relive the childhood that he had never gotten to live. Together with his mother, his father, his brother- Everybody.
Not alone. Loved.
Together.
"Good gods, there's a child here!"
"Is he alright?"
"Oh no..."
If one were to push through the crowd now, one would see a young boy resting against the wall, barefoot and cold, eyes closed and a small smile on his lips, a bundle of burnt matches clutched in his left hand and more strewn around him. Upon closer observation, it would become apparent that the child, indeed, had perished of the cold and hunger gnawing away at him, the falling snow beginning to coat him in a thin white veil. A young blunet man knelt down in front of the boy to look over him, before turning around to the people behind him and shaking his head, sorrow reflected in his cobalt eyes. A small gasp was heard.
"He tried to warm himself." he murmured, before gently picking up the body, the matches once clutched in the boy's limp hands falling from his grip and scattering.
Noone but the matches would ever know the wonders the young boy had seen, the haven he resided in now.
Nobody would ever know.

<\tphyldoc>

A humanoid turtle no older than 9 was in the middle of the road selling matches for food. It was cold and people tend to ignore him. "Matches! Matches for sale! Get one so you won't be cold!"Mikey exclaimed. No one heard him and kept walking. Mikey was sad. Suddenly, the boy tripped on something and all his matches fell in the snow. He quickly picked them up and brushed the snow off them, hoping they still worked. As soon as he got up, he tried again to sell the matches, but no such luck. Maybe if I climb on something...Mikey thought. He climbed on two trash cans near a post. "MATCHES! MATCHES FOR SALE! GET ONE SO YOU WON'T BE COLD!"Mikey exclaimed. A police officer brought the kid down. "Hey kid, you shouldn't be clibing on trash cans and wearing a turtle costume. It will make you look silly."the police officer said. "Do you want matches?"Mikey asked. The police officer shook and walk away. Mikey sighed. 8 matches and yet he didn't sell a single one ever since the morning came.
He saw a little girl no older than 14 but still in her teen years. She shivered. At first, she didn't have money but Mikey decided to give it to him. "Merry Christmas!"Mikey exclaimed. Soon at his south, he saw a family ridding on a carriage. They looked happy.
Mikey was on the verge of tears.
He ran back to his alley and sobbed. He gave away his bandanna to a small boy who is 5. Still, he had 7 matches left. "Maybe I can use one."Mikey said. Quickly, he got the match and lighted it. It was so warm and Mikey felt it. He started to see a vision.
A light and old abandoned oven was ignited with fire. Quickly, he huddled himself while enjoying the warm and sweet fire. But soon, the fire died. Mikey sighed. The boy put the match in the snow. He wanted to be warm and safe next to a fire. He wanted to be home. The boy then grabbed another match and lit it. As he looked at the flame, he imagined an oven, cooking. Oh how the boy loved to eat, he used to do it all the time. But what he loved more than eating was sharing the time with his family. The flame on the match grew into a gold painted dining room. Inside was a huge dinner table. "Mmmm," Mikey said, licking his lips. On the table was all his favorite dishes. Turkey legs, mashe dpotatoes, eggs, pancakes, slushies and an oh so delicious pizza! He took a slice of pepperoni pizza until the fire at the match died.
Mikey was losing his patience. Once again, he took two matches and lighted it. Oh, how wonderful to ride in a carriage with a blanket to be warm. The carriage sled down to the sewers. He was almost their until the vision stopped. Furious, he took the rest of the matches and lighted them to a big flame. The vision continued. He stopped at a door. He knocke don it and was happy to see his Sensei/Father. He hugged the boy and led him inside. His borhters watched him as he lighted the candles at the Christmas Tree. It was his turn this year and he felt happy. Soon, it was Christmas Dinner and the family enjoyed their meals. But when they were about to open presents, the vision stopped.
No more matches left.
Mikey slept alone and cold. He did not have anymore matches to sell for food. He's probably going to die in the alley anyways. He sobbed as he cried, wishing for his family to come back. Soon, his sensei came topside until he saw his long lost son, shivering. He put a warm smile and carried him back to their home.
When Michelangelo opened his eyes, he was in a warm bed, alone. He stepped outside and saw his brothers and sensei eating. "Master, you found me."Mikey siad. "Of course my son. We were all worried."Master Splinter said. He sat down and began his meal. They said there prayers and enjoyed Christmas.
Yet, there was still hope.

