Once upon a time there was a prince who wanted to marry a princess; but she would have to be a real princess. He travelled all over the world to find one, but nowhere could he get what he wanted. There were princesses enough, but it was difficult to find out whether they were real ones. There was always something about them that was not as it should be. So he came home again and was sad, for he would have liked very much to have a real princess.
One evening a terrible storm came on; there was thunder and lightning, and the rain poured down in torrents. Suddenly a knocking was heard at the city gate, and the old king went to open it.
It was a princess standing out there in front of the gate. But, good gracious! what a sight the rain and the wind had made her look. The water ran down from her hair and clothes; it ran down into the toes of her shoes and out again at the heels. And yet she said that she was a real princess.Well, we'll soon find that out, thought the old queen. But she said nothing, went into the bed-room, took all the bedding off the bedstead, and laid a pea on the bottom; then she took twenty mattresses and laid them on the pea, and then twenty eider-down beds on top of the mattresses.
On this the princess had to lie all night. In the morning she was asked how she had slept.Oh, very badly! said she. I have scarcely closed my eyes all night. Heaven only knows what was in the bed, but I was lying on something hard, so that I am black and blue all over my body. It's horrible!
Now they knew that she was a real princess because she had felt the pea right through the twenty mattresses and the twenty eider-down beds.
Nobody but a real princess could be as sensitive as that.
So the prince took her for his wife, for now he knew that he had a real princess; and the pea was put in the museum, where it may still be seen, if no one has stolen it.
There, that is a true story.

<\tphyldoc>

One upon a time, in a far away kingdom there lived a prince, by the name of Blaine Everett. He was the youngest son of the king, King Anderson. King Anderson and Queen Anderson where very conserned when it came to the prince's 18th birthday, he hadn't layed an eye on princess, and he had not married yet. Had there not been a fair enough princess in the land? They had assumed that if they made a line of princess to meet the prince, there would be one who was the fairest. But it just didn't work! Nothing did, out of all the princesses, nothing! They had even called princess Santana, Rachel and Quinn. So they had a new plan, maybe the fairest of the land was not yet a princess? Just a fair maden. So they made a new plan, they would fill the guest room with 20 mattresses as a bed, they placed a tiny pea under the bottom one. For only the fairest in the land would feel the pea. Nights pasted without a trace of a visitor untill a princess appeared at the door. There was a knock, the queen ran to the door with a smile and opened it.
"Hello, Queen," the girl smiled, with a trace of sadness.
"I was wondering if I could spend the night, it's very windy and I'm afraid I won't be able to make it to my home," the queen nodded and led the way to the guest room, giving the girl a fresh pair of clothes.
In the morning the queen asked the girl how she slept, she replied, "just great, thank you," and smiled.
This was certainly was not the fairest girl. Months had pasted and so had helf of the kingdom, no one. Intill a boy appeared at the door. The queen smiled thinging it was another girl, and answered.
"Hello," a boy of soaked clotes said, he shivered. "May I borrow some clothes and a room to sleep, just for tonight? It's terriblly wet outside.
The queen opened her mouth to reply, fearing the reply wasn't going to be good the prince stepped interupted, "Of course," he grinned. The boy smiled, prince Blaine led him to the room, handing him clothes and a blanket.
"Why, thank you prince Everett," the boy said, greatfully.
The prince smiled, "it's no bother, you may call me Blaine, if you like." The boy's breath caught, "o-ok, pr- Blaine," he studdered. "I'm Kurt Elizabeth, you may call me Kurt," he continued, looking into Blaine's creamy eyes. "Ok, Kurt." And with that, the prince went to bed.
The next morning arrived with a smile on the prince's face. Kurt had made his way down the stairs when the prince asked him, "how did you sleep?" He replied with a grumpy, "not so well. I felt as if there was something under the covers.
The king fumed. "You shall get out of my kingdom!" He screamed at innocent Kurt, Blaine came to his rescue. "Father! What has got into you?" The King saw it in Blaine's eyes, he loved this boy. "Both of you, out!" He ordered. "What?" The prince asked, confused. "Out!" With that the prince and the boy ran away to a small kingdom called, "Lima," got married and had lots of family, the end.

<\tphyldoc>

There was once a prince named Drew, and his parents wanted a princess, but then she must be a real Princess. He travelled right around the world to find one, but there was always something wrong. There were plenty of princesses, but whether they were real princesses he had great difficulty in discovering; there was always something which was not quite right about them. So at last he had come home again, and his parents were very sad because they wanted a real princess so badly.
One evening there was a terrible storm; it thundered and lightninged and the rain poured down in torrents; indeed it was a fearful night.
In the middle of the storm somebody knocked at the town gate, and the old King himself sent to open it.
It was a princess who stood outside, but she was in a terrible state from the rain and the storm. She was beautiful, with long brunette hair and beautiful blue eyes. But she was entirely drenched in water, her scarlet colored dress tattered and hair very wet.
"I am princess May of Petalburg. May I please spend the night?" the beautiful princess asked politely. Drew fell in love with her instantly, if only she was a real princess, then he'd be able to marry her. His parents allowed her to stay. But, as usual, they had to see if she was a real princess.
So secretly, the queen stripped the bedclothes of and put a small pea and put them back on. 'This should determine if princess May was indeed a real princess.' Queen Arlene thought, pleased with her plan.
The next day, they asked her how she slept.
'Oh terribly bad!' said Princess May, apologetically. 'I have hardly closed my eyes the whole night! Heaven knows what was in the bed. I seemed to be lying upon some hard thing, and my whole body is black and blue this morning. It is terrible.
TAt once, the King and Queen knew she was a real princess. She had felt the pea through twenty-five mattresses and comforters! No one but a real princess could have such delicate skin.
So, prince Drew asked her to be his wife, and she accepted eagerly, for she had fell in love with him at first sight, too. People far and wide watched as the princess walked down the aisle, wearing a beautiful silk white gown and a flower veil.
Their parents were crying with joy as they watched the newly weds kiss. And so they lived happily ever after.
As for the pea, it was put into the Museum, where it may still be seen if no one has stolen it. That pea has caused these two royals to have a happy marriage.
This, is a true story.
<\tphyldoc>Once upon a time in a far off land, lived a prince who never gave his hand. He searched the world for a lass to marry but his mother, the queen, was quick to turn them away. This is the story of the princess and the pea but it's also the story of a feather and some tea 
It was a stormy night when the princess came. Yet everyone followed her to the door, or atleast the men. They were all in love with her but she was not with them.
When the Queen answered the door. She knew a true princess stood before her. The one she had been looking for the whole time, to marry her son. The prince however had his doubts. She didn't seem as elegant as the others.
"May I please come in?"asked the princess.
The prince was about to turn her away but the queen opened wide the door. Then she led the way to the dining hall. When they left the prince turned to a servant standing in the hall.
"You! Go and make the bed! The way my mother would always say to when a 'princess' came to stay!
The servant nodded and ran off. The prince went to join the queen and the others. Dinner was noisy as the queen and princess chatted away. The prince was unusually quiet, but when the princess said she wanted to go to bed.
 "I'll be glad to take you." said the prince, not wanting to let his mom see the bed.
" Thank you." she said.
The prince led the princess to the room. The bed was stacked with matresses and comforters. He helped her onto the bed and left the room. The princess closed her eyes and waited until the footsteps faded away.
Now the princess was a princess. But she wasn't as delicate as most. However she was very smart. She climbed down from the bed, lifted the bottom matress, and pulled out a mushy pea.
 "No wonder all those princesses were sent away. They should really freeze them or something first." she whispered.
The next morning, the prince came to take the princess to breakfast. He was happy to see she seem well rested.
"Did you sleep well?" he asked.
The princess pointed to a matress layed out on the floor. " I found the floor more comfortable." she said. " I think one one those has some sort of lump in it.
Now the prince was trying hard to hide his dissapointment. He really didn't like this princess. She wasn't half as good as the others, he thought. he had to find another way to prove she wasn't a princess.
After breakfast the prince found the servant he had talked to the night before. " Make the princess's bed. Make it the same way you did last night but this time use a feather instead of a pea." He ordered.
"Yes sir, but..." he said.
 The prince cut him off. " Just do it! And do not let the queen know!
The same thing happened again. The princess checked the bed, slept on the floor, etc, etc. The prince decided to try one more time. This time 
" Spill this tea on every matress except the first three and the bottom three." he ordered.
That night the princess checked the bottom matress. Nothing. She checked the rest. She wasn't stupid. She could smell the tea. However she couldn't find where it was. She slept on the bed made for her that night.
" Did you sleep well?" the prince asked the next morning.
 " Yes, very well." she said. " No lumps last night, nothing.
The prince couldn't hide his glee. He ran to tell the queen who, upon learning that the girl staying with them wasn't a true princess sent her away. The princess argued but eventually left the kingdom in search of another prince.
For you see the princess did know of the tea just as much as the feather and pea. She pretended she didn't, her reasons should have been clear. The prince didn't love her. She wasn't stupid. If he needed so much truth he should marry a lawyer or detective or something!

<\tphyldoc>

Have you ever heard of the story of the princess and the pea? Of course you have. Do you believe it? I don't. I witnessed it all, and that story they told is as fake as can be. Let me tell you the REAL story.
Let me introduce myself. I am The Pea. Just call me, well, I don't know, just call me "The Pea", I guess.
Once upon a time...ok, ok, I know that's a pretty boring start. Let's try again.
That night, I was outside in my pod, freezing to death. The gardeners came to tend to me and said I was not ready to be eaten yet. I'd say, being stuck in this freezing weather, I'd rather be eaten that frozen. The gardeners went on talking about the Crown Prince who wanted to marry a real princess. They say he traveled around the world to find her but hadn't.
I can still remember it as though it had happened yesterday, the night that changed my left. It was a stormy nigh, and the temperature went down to -30*C. I looked longingly at the palace doors, wishing myself in the arm cellar with my fellow pea friends. Suddenly, I saw a shadow fighting the wind towards the palace.
"Who'd be out in this weather?" I asked myself.
Some time later, the gardeners came out and got me out of my pod (took them long enough). They said I was to be put under 20 quilts and 20 mattresses. TWENTY? That would be 40 layers of bedding! How was I supposed to survive? I was too depressed to hear what they said next. I think it was something about a real princess being proven.

Sure enough. The Queen was in the bedroom, all the quilts, mattresses and pillows were on the floor. The put me on the bedstead, and piled quilts, mattresses and pillows on top of me. I couldn't move a muscle. The whole night, the princess (or so she said) slept soundly. She slept soundly alright, but I was not having a good time. She was so heavy that I could hardly bear it. I rolled out of the bed and jumped up and pinched the princes on the nose. The princess woke up and saw me, I was so scared she would eat me that I jumped off the bed and under the bedding. That's how she knew I was there. There was no way, not even a real princess could feel me through all those mattresses and quilts.
The next morning, the Queen came to ask how the princess slept. She moaned:
"I could hardly sleep all night. I was lying on something so hard that I'm black and blue all over!
She's black and blue! What about ME?
The princess married the prince and they lived happily ever after. *yawn* Yeah, you know the rest.
Now comes the exciting part. The part about ME! I got to be put on a velvet cushion in a museum and people from all over the world came to admire me. I also got the "Honorable Pea Award." Cool, right? One night, a black shadow came in and stole me out of the museum. Guess where I am now? I am in the robber's house, telling him the story.
NO! No! Robber, no! Don't eat me, please! I'm hard and old! NO! Robber, DON'T! Aaaargh!

<\tphyldoc>

In a kingdom far, far away, there was once a Prince called Ikuto, who wished to marry a Princess- but a real princess she had to be. So, he travelled all over the world to find the one, yet in every case something was wrong. He met countless Princesses, but he was not sure if they were the one he was looking for, there was always something this or that, which just did not seem right. At last he came back home, quite downhearted, for he did so want to have a real princess. One evening there was a fearful storm, the thunder raged and the lightning flashed, the rain poured down and turned into floods. It was terrifying. In the midst of it all, someone knocked at the palace door, and the maid Suu went to open the door.Standing there was girl, who claimed she was a princess. But, goodness! What a state she was in! The water ran down her pink hair and her rag like clothes, through the tips of her torn shoes and out the nearly broken heel. No poor soul would believe her as a princess but still, she said she was a real princess.The maid took her to the waiting room and told her to wait. Then she went to the queen's chamber to tell her the interesting tale of the girl.  'Well, we will find out soon enough,' the old queen thought. She did not say a word though, but went into the spare room, took off all the bed clothes and laid a little pea on the mattress. Then she ordered other maids to pile up twenty mattresses on top of it and twenty eiderdowns over that. There she told the princess was to sleep that night. Not a wink of sleep the girl got that night and the morning was yet to come. The girl would not dare go against the queen's word, so; she endured the uncomfortableness she was feeling till morning. When the morning came, the old queen asked her how she slept. "Oh, shockingly! Not a wink of sleep the whole night long! God knows what was in the bed but I lay on something hard that has made me black and blue all over. It was quite dreadful." She exclaimed. Now the old queen was sure she was a real princess, since she had felt the pea through twenty eiderdowns and twenty mattresses. Only a real princess could be so sensitive. So the prince Ikuto married the princess Amu, he no longer had to search for a real princess any more and in the end they lived happily ever after.
<\tphyldoc>


Once upon a time, there lived a beautiful peasant girl who knew how to use sex as a weapon. Having grown up in the kitchen of an aristocrat, she knew how they functioned and had been known to get even the most honorable of men to come to her bed. But her wanton ways came to the attention of the Knight whose house she lived in, and she was fired, sent to live in the streets.  Ah, but this young girl was a crafty one. Before she left the estate, she came up with a dastardly plan to get her revenge. She would become queen. So, she headed up to the master's study and stole a map and a compass. She tiptoed into the wardrobe of the knight's wife and stole her most ornate dress. After packing some food into a bag, she set out. After trudging for a fortnight, she found what her heart desired. The king's castle. A foreboding fortress it was, but no match for her. As rain poured from the sky, likely in mourning for the loss of chivalry this woman would wreak, she stripped down and put on the ornate dress, which just happened to fit her nearly perfectly. It was already soaked, but she got some extra mud on it for good measure. Quickly, she went up to the castle gate, eager to fulfill her dream. She knocked at the door, yelled and screamed, but always in the most refined manner. Finally, a guard came to talk to her, looking her up and down. "Whaddaya want, broad?" said he. "Oh, good sir, I am Elizabeth, the princess of Bohemia and I beg of you to please let me in to stay the night at this castle. I was ambushed and kidnapped by some horrible rogues while riding in the forest. I managed to escape their grasp, but I have nowhere to go. Can I please stay here? Would you tell the King of my arrival? Oh, please say yes!" she implored him like this until finally he was persuaded to let her speak to the king. The king was fetched and upon seeing the forlorn creature was instantly convinced of her identity as a princess and told her she could stay as long as she wished. His wife, however was not so sure. She proposed a test to discover if the girl was truly of royal blood. The servant woman had not been prepared for this, but was truly quite tired and wanted to sleep, so she allowed her to set the test. The queen, thinking she was as crafty as could be, quickly had a pile of twenty mattresses set upon a bed frame. It rose high into the air, and could not even be contained in most of the castle's rooms, so it was assembled in the great hall. Carefully, the queen herself placed a single dried pea underneath the bottom mattress. If the girl slept well on this contraption, she would definitely not be a true princess, reasoned the queen. Ah, but here is where the kitchen girl's true triumph lay. For you see, there was actually a very good reason for her scurrilous behavior in the past. It was the only way she had found to cure her chronic insomnia. No matter how comfortable the bed, this woman could not sleep well unless she was fully exhausted from sex or masturbation. So it was really a simple matter for her to stay awake and develop bags under her eyes. In the morning, the queen was shocked to discover that this girl must be a real princess, as she obviously had not slept well. And, because this is a fairy tale, the kitchen slut got her way, married the prince who had, incidentally, been searching for a  real  princess. And she lived happily ever after. Moral: Always do a background check before marrying off your children to people who just happen to show up at your door.

<\tphyldoc>

There was once upon a time a Princess who wanted to marry a prince, but he had to be a true prince. She was Princess Stephanie, and her parents were King Vince and Queen Linda. They ruled over Titan Towers, the most powerful kingdomslashwrestlingcompany of all the kingdomslashwrestlingcompanies in the entire world. To find her true prince, Princess Stephanie traveled through the whole world to find one, but there was always something against each one she met. There were plenty of princes, but she could not find out if they were true princes. In every case there was some little defect which showed the right person had not yet been found. Prince Test was too clingy, not quite as confident as a true prince should. Prince Hunter was too overprotective, not letting her do what she wanted like a true prince should. Prince Kirk was actually in the same boat as her, both looking for their true prince. Prince Albert   well, let's not even go there! So, Princess Stephanie came home again in very low spirits, for she had wanted very much to have a true prince for her husband. One night there was a dreadful storm; it thundered, the lightning flashed and the rain streamed down in torrents. It was ever so fearful! In the midst of the storm there was a knocking heard at the Tower gates, and not-quite-that-old King Vince went to open it with much grumbling. He had just been interrupted in the middle of business negotiations for starting up XBA, or Xtreme Basketball Association. There stood a Prince outside the gates; but, oh, in what a sad plight he was from the rain and the storm! The water was running down from his blonde locks, soaking into his shiny T-shirt, sliding down his leather pants, and into the tips of his boots and out at the heels again. And yet this man said that all he wanted was a job, and that he really was a true prince! 'Well, we shall soon find out!' thought the all-powerful Queen Linda, when King Vince reluctantly brought him into the Tower. But she said nothing and went into one of the rings, crawled beneath the ring amongst all the hardcore 'weapons' and laid a pea in the very middle of the floor. Then, she covered the pea with twenty wooden tables and twenty steel chairs on top of the wooden tables. And this was the ring in which the Prince was to wrestle and show his ring skills to be able to get a job. The next day wise and crafty Queen Linda asked the man how he had performed. 'Oh, very badly!' said the Prince. 'I scarcely managed to get a pin over my jack-ass opponents all day. I am sure I don't know what was in the ring. I kept bumping into something so hard that my whole body is black and blue. It is awfully dreadful! I feel like I've just been given a beating that I will never, eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeever forget!' Now they perceived that he was indeed a true prince, as he had claimed, because he had felt the pea through the twenty wooden tables and twenty steel chairs. No one, surely, but a true prince could be as sensitive as that. So Princess Stephanie married Prince Jericho, for she knew that at last she had found a true prince. And the pea was put into the World Wrestling Federation Hall of Fame, where it is still to be seen if no one has stolen it.

