There was once a man and a woman, who had long in vain wished for a child. At length, the woman hoped that God was about to grant her desire.
These people had a little window at the back of their house from which a splendid garden could be seen. It was full of the most beautiful flowers and herbs. It was, however, surrounded by a high wall, and no one dared to go into it because it belonged to a Witch, who had great power and was dreaded by all the world.
One day, the woman was standing by this window and looking down into the garden, when she saw a bed which was planted with the most beautiful rampion (rapunzel), and it looked so fresh and green that she longed for it, and had the greatest desire to eat some.
This desire increased every day, and as she knew that she could not get any of it, she quite pined away, and looked pale and miserable.
Then her husband was alarmed, and asked,  What ails you, dear Wife? 
 Ah,  she replied,  if I can t get some of the rampion to eat, which is in the garden behind our house, I shall die. 
The man, who loved her, thought,  Sooner than let your wife die, bring her some of the rampion yourself, let it cost you what it will! 
In the twilight of evening, he clambered over the wall into the garden of the Witch, hastily clutched a handful of rampion, and took it to his wife. She at once made herself a salad of it, and ate it with much relish.
She, however, liked it so much so very much that the next day she longed for it three times as much as before. If he was to have any rest, her husband must once more descend into the garden. In the gloom of evening, therefore, he let himself down again. But when he had clambered down the wall he was terribly afraid, for he saw the Witch standing before him.
 How dare you,  said she with angry look,  descend into my garden and steal my rampion like a thief? You shall suffer for it! 
 Ah,  answered he,  let mercy take the place of justice! I had to do it out of necessity. My wife saw your rampion from the window, and felt such a longing for it that she would have died, if she had not got some to eat.  
Then the Witch let her anger be softened, and said to him,  If the case be as you say, I will allow you to take away with you as much rampion as you will, only I make one condition, you must give me the child which your wife will bring into the world. It shall be well treated, and I will care for it like a mother. 
The man in his terror consented to everything, and when the
woman at last had a little daughter, the Witch appeared at once, gave the child the name of Rapunzel, and took it away with her.
Rapunzel grew into the most beautiful child beneath the sun. When she was twelve years old, the Witch shut her into a tower, which lay in a forest, and had neither stairs nor door. But quite at the top was a little window. When the Witch wanted to go in, she placed herself beneath this, and cried:
 Rapunzel, Rapunzel,
Let down thy hair. 
 Rapunzel had magnificent long hair, fine as spun gold, and when she heard the voice of the Witch, she unfastened her braided tresses and wound them round one of the hooks of the window above. And then the hair fell twenty ells down, and the Witch climbed up by it.
After a year or two, it came to pass that the King s Son rode through the forest and went by the tower. Then he heard a song, which was so charming that he stood still and listened. This was Rapunzel, who in her solitude passed her time in letting her sweet voice resound.
The King s Son wanted to climb up to her, and looked for the door of the tower, but none was to be found. He rode home, but the singing had so deeply touched his heart, that every day he went out into the forest and listened to it.
Once when he was thus standing behind a tree, he saw that a Witch came there, and he heard how she cried:
 Rapunzel, Rapunzel,
Let down thy hair. 
Then Rapunzel let down the braids of her hair, and the Witch climbed up to her.
 If that is the ladder by which one mounts, I will for once try my fortune,  said he.
The next day when it began to grow dark, he went to the tower and cried:
 Rapunzel, Rapunzel,
Let down thy hair. 
Immediately the hair fell down, and the King s Son climbed up.
At first Rapunzel was terribly frightened when a man, such as her eyes had never yet beheld, came to her. But the King s Son began to talk to her quite like a friend, and told her that his heart had been so stirred, that it had let him have no rest, so he had been forced to see her.
Then Rapunzel lost her fear, and when he asked her if she would take him for her husband, and she saw that he was young and handsome, she thought,  He will love me more than old Dame Gothel does;  and she said yes, and laid her hand in his.
She said also,  I will willingly go away with you, but I do not know how to get down. Bring with you a skein of silk every time that you come, and I will weave a ladder with it. When that is ready I will descend, and you will take me on your horse. 
They agreed that until that time, he should come to her every evening, for the old woman came by day. The Witch remarked nothing of this, until once Rapunzel said to her,  Tell me, Dame Gothel, how it happens that you are so much heavier
for me to draw up, than the young King s Son he is with me in a moment. 
 Ah! you wicked Child!  cried the Witch.  What do I hear you say! I thought I had separated you from all the world, and yet you have deceived me! 
In her anger she clutched Rapunzel s beautiful tresses, wrapped them twice round her left hand, seized a pair of scissors with the right, and snip, snap, they were cut off, and the lovely braids lay on the ground. And she was so pitiless that she took poor Rapunzel into a desert, where she had to live in great grief and misery.
On the same day, however, that she cast out Rapunzel, the Witch, in the evening, fastened the braids of hair which she had cut off, to the hook of the window; and when the King s Son came and cried:
 Rapunzel, Rapunzel,
Let down thy hair, 
she let the hair down.
The King s Son ascended. He did not find his dearest Rapunzel above, but the Witch, who gazed at him with wicked and venomous looks.
 Aha!  she cried mockingly,  you would fetch your dearest! But the beautiful bird sits no longer singing in the nest. The cat has got it, and will scratch out your eyes as well. Rapunzel is lost to you! You will never see her more! 
The King s Son was beside himself with grief and in his despair he leapt down from the tower. He escaped with his life, but the thorns into which he fell, pierced his eyes. Then he
wandered quite blind about the forest, ate nothing but roots and berries, and did nothing but lament and weep over the loss of his dearest wife.
Thus he roamed about in misery for some years, and at length came to the desert where Rapunzel lived in wretchedness. He heard a voice, and it seemed so familiar to him that he went toward it. When he approached, Rapunzel knew him, and fell on his neck and wept. Two of her tears wetted his eyes and they grew clear again, and he could see with them as before.
He led her to his Kingdom where he was joyfully received, and they lived for a long time, happy and contented.

<\tphyldoc>

Along time ago there lived a woman who longed more than anything for a baby she could call her own. She wanted this so much that she became unwell. One day the woman looked out of her window and saw some lettuce growing in a field next door. She said to her husband 'I will die if I she don't eat some of that lettuce!' Her husband knew that the lettuce belonged to the witch who lived there, but he loved his wife too much to refuse her. So he climbed over the wall and into the field. Unfortunally the witch saw him, and the poor man was terrified. The witch said that she'd let him go as long as he promised to give her his first born child. The man agreed, thinking he would never have a child, but coincidentally a few months later his wife fell pregnant and later gave birth to a baby girl. Unable to withdraw his promise, the man took her to the witch. The witch looked after the girl very well, almost as if she were her own. She called her Rapunzel. Although as Rapunzel grew older she began to grow more beautiful. By the time Rapunzel had become a young lady, Rapunzel had become so beautiful that the witch had grown jealous of her. So she locked her away in a tower and threw away the key. When the witch visited Rapunzel, she would stand at the bottom of the tower and call out "Rapunzel, Rapunzel, let down your long hair." Rapunzel would lower her hair out the window and the witch would climb up it. One day a prince rode past he saw Rapunzel leaning out of her window, he climbed up Rapunzel's hair and into her room. Rapunzel fell in love straight away. Then when she looked out the window she saw a lovely young lady quite like Rapunzel coming riding up on a beautiful white stallion. She climbed up Rapunzel's hair and into the room and ignoring Rapunzel she said that she was Cinderella. Just then another lady came walking up saying that she was Snow White. She climbed up Rapunzel's hair (that Rapunzel had forgotton to pull out of the window). Unfortunately all the girls were in love with the prince and they fought over who the prince liked most. The prince sighed because he thought these ladies were all too ordinary and complained far too much. Then he heard some one calling "Rapunzel Rapunzel let down your long hair". The prince looked down out the window towards where he heard the voice he looked over and saw the ugly old witch and fell in love with her because of her uniqueness, talent and a bit of love potion she had thrown on him. The prince grabbed Rapunzel's hair and swung out the window. Rapunzel pulled her hair out of the window, but it was too late. The prince was gone. He and the witch had riden off on Cinderella's white stallion away to his castle. As they galloped off the witch cast one last spell and Rapunzel's long braided hair was gone. Cinderella, Snow White and Rapunzel where stuck up in the tower for the rest of their lives. The prince and the witch got married and lived happily ever after, or at least as well as you can being married to an ugly old witch.

<\tphyldoc>


Once upon a time, there lived a woman. She was hideous, to be sure, and the townsfolk cowered away in fright whenever she approached them. Indeed, she was sad, for she had no one to speak with, nothing to care for, but it did not mean she was evil. She did not know magic at all, and they spoke of her as if she was a witch! The mere idea of it was ridiculous! However, no often how many times she tried to correct them, they were not easily swayed. At long last, she had given up and did not speak for ten years. She remained home, working in her vegetable garden, taking great care of it, for she had no child to dedicate the care to . At long last, on the last day of the ten years, she had caught a neighbor whose wife was pregnant thieving her rapunzel. Her voice was hoarse, from lack of use, barely over than a choked whisper. "What are you doing?" she wheezed. "Why are you invading my property, thieving my rapunzel that I have worked tirelessly over?  "My wife is expecting, three months in labor," he said hastily, quivering as he spoke, "and she has been craving for your lovely greens.  A small smile crossed the woman's face, but turned out to be a crooked grin. She thought, at last! Perhaps I shall be able to receive a child to care for, a child to bring joy to. If this man was a good parent, then she would not steal away the child, but if he was a poor parent, she would take his child for her own. "If you are to give me the child you are expecting," she said, "I will let you go without harm.  Had he refused, she would have let him go with some of her homegrown tomatoes to go with it before he left, but he had hastily agreed and went home with the rapunzel. Six months later, the woman knocked on the man's door. She was given the child before she returned home and named her Rapunzel. She cared for the child with more care than any parent could ever give. She loved the child like no one had loved another before. She would hum to the baby girl at night and tell stories to her in the morning. She fetched the best and ripest foods from her garden and fixed her the best dishes to eat. As the child grew, the more beautiful she became, her hair as golden as the sun, shimmering in all its beauty. The hideous woman would comb her hair gently before the little girl went to bed, dressing her in the finest night gown she could afford. When it was time for her to go to school, the old woman would always tie her hair back and say, "Come back once school is over, or else I shall worry and my heart shall break," for she was always worried that someone might take the beautiful girl that she had loved so away from her without her knowing at all. And the girl would always reply, "I will hasten to your side, Mother, so do not fret; I will return once the school bell rings." The ugly woman would only then let her child go to school, comfort in her heart. Though the woman was terribly ugly, the girl always kept her word, for she was honest and she had loved her mother and was grateful to receive such an excellent person to watch over her. At night, she would thank the heavens that God had blessed her with such a perfect mother, and the old woman was thankful for such a sweet girl to care for. Finally, the time came when Rapunzel needed to venture out into the world and find a suitable husband. Everyday, the old woman would tell her, "Return to me before the sun sets, or else I shall worry and my heart shall break.  Once more, the girl would reply, "I will hasten to your side by then, Mother, so do not fret; I will return once I have searched my fill." Only then would the old woman's heart be comforted and would she allow her to go out to search for a husband. Many suitors were found for Rapunzel, for she was intelligent as she was beautiful, and kind above all. However, they would take one glance at her mother and laugh. Rapunzel would then reject them. She noticed how hurt her mother was after all these comments, and for the love of her, she said, "This place does not have any men that suit my fancy. Let us try our luck elsewhere.  Again and again they moved, but not one place did they find a man who took the hideous woman kindly, not even those as hideous as herself. At last, the ugly woman said warily, "I have given up hope, my dear child. We must buy a tower, where I will lock you in. You will cry and a noble man riding his horse will hear you weep, and you will let your beautiful long hair down and allow him to climb. You will meet him there, and you will love him. However, on the third day, I will cut your beautiful locks and act as a witch who has captured you, and he will find you sitting on a rock by a pond and he will take you onto his horse and you will be wed.  Rapunzel, however, was a sweet child and refused her mother's plan. "You will never be able to attend the wedding, and I shall never be able to see you again. Let us try one more town!  "That one town will be no different from the other towns, but I will allow you to try your luck one last time before we resort to my offer," she said, shaking her head sadly. "You are young and you need to be engaged into matrimony. I cannot hold you back.  Thus, they moved to another town, but as predicted, no man could hold their laughter when they greeted Rapunzel's mother. So at last, they sold their home one final time and bought a land in the middle of nowhere. Being an expert at growing vegetable gardens, the homely woman was able to grow food all the same and they drank from the pond by the large stone. At long last, a noble knight crossed the territory. He drank their water and ate their food, not knowing that he was on bought property. However, he heard a weeping come from the tower and cried out for her name. "It is Rapunzel," she replied. "So it is. Rapunzel, Rapunzel, let down your long hair, so that I may climb and see you.  And thus, Rapunzel did, and the knight climbed. He gasped when he saw her profound beauty and fell in love with her instantly. However, by the time night fell, Rapunzel would always say worriedly, "You must go, for there is a treacherous witch that will find you here." And she would let her long hair down once more and he would climb down. On the third day, he called out once more, "Rapunzel! Rapunzel! Let down your long hair!" And the woman let down Rapunzel's beautiful golden hair, and he climbed. When he reached the top, however, he found the hideous woman and said, "You! You are the one who had held my love captive!  "And so yes, it is true," the woman said, her voice as hoarse ever due to her tears, but they looked like tears of laughter and her voice sounded more of a cackle. "It is I who have taken Rapunzel captive! And now she has been banished; you will see her no more here.  And so it began; the knight searched far and wide for Rapunzel, not knowing that she was at the bottom of the tower, behind the hidden door. When the knight was gone, they destroyed the old tower, so that the knight would not recognize the land. Instead, they built a small house to live in. When they heard the beating of the hooves, however, Rapunzel would rush outside and sit on her rock, sprinkling red dirt onto her eyes to look as though she had been crying, watching her reflection to see if she had smeared enough on, or if she had smeared too much. He took her home, but Rapunzel had rushed so to pose on her rock that she had not been given the chance to say good-bye before they were parted. She lived a happy life, however, and she was dressed in the finest gowns there were and she had a child. She cared for the child greatly, as her mother cared for her, singing to her at night and telling her stories in the morning. But the old woman was left in her small cottage that they had built together. She should be thankful for having ever been blessed to care for such a child. She had been the child's mother, but she couldn't ever be, for a child's mother should be able to see her daughter after she is wed away. She had grown to love her, and she was glad that Rapunzel was given a happy life. But the partings were always the hardest. The knight had later told his friends of the story when they asked how he met the fair maiden. They told their friends of the fabulous story of how the knight rescued Rapunzel, but they never knew the truth of it. Every time the tale reached Rapunzel's ears, she would cry, for she never told the truth to anyone, not even her own daughter. Indeed, the old woman had overheard the tale as well. At least she is wed, she had thought, but she went home and cried. How dearly she wanted to see her daughter again! She was granted her wish she was able to see her daughter one more time. In her dreams, she saw Rapunzel smiling at her, holding her own baby girl within her arms, caring for the child as the old woman did to Rapunzel. The hideous woman smiled, glad that Rapunzel remained such a sweet girl. The week after, the old witch was found in her bed, no longer breathing. The people rejoiced after the death of the treacherous witch, but the witch had died happy, for she dreamt of her daughter after so many years of loneliness. Rapunzel, however, cried hard, and mourned for one week. She dressed in black, her eyes red, weeping over the loss. Suspecting that she had lost her sanity, they stole her daughter away and banished her. She wandered forever, weeping, unable to die, for she never lived her life complete. They called her a banshee, who would appear if one was to meet wretched fortune, but she had met wretched fortune herself. As for her daughter, who grew to be as kind as her mother as well as beautiful, suffered greatly. Her father had married another beautiful woman, though cruel, and because he was often away on duty, her step-mother and two step-sisters were often cruel to her. Her name was Cinderella.

<\tphyldoc>

Once upon a time there was a maiden in a tower. No her name was not Rapunzel, no she was not trapped. In fact she was the one to put herself up there. No one really knew why. Some thought it was for attention, most just assumed she was weird and wanted nothing to do with her. Even she never gave a reason why she locked herself away in the tower. Eventually the townsfolk made up stories to tell their children about the beautiful maiden with the long golden hair. When in fact the girl thought herself average and had a head of dark lifeless hair. Upon hearing the tales of the maiden in the tower a handsome prince came riding along and called to the maiden secluded in the tower. He asked her to let down her hair so that he may climb up. Although the maiden lacked the hair to do so she had fashioned a roped from golden cloth incase she ever needed to escape. When the girl heard the voice call to her she thought of using the rope to pull the prince up. Then she wondered first what he would say when she was not as beautiful as the stories made her. The she began to worry if she would be able to hold on as he climbed up. Then she began to fret over if he decided to leave her. In the end she sat and said nothing after he called to her several more times. She sat there in her room on the mattress and frame she called her bed, staring unblinkingly and emotionlessly out the window, from which the voice traveled through with tears rolling down her eyes. Here she sat everyday, through every prince, pauper, and child who called to her, waiting for the one who would break down the walls she put up instead of climbing over them.

<\tphyldoc>

Rapunzel was no damsel in distress .Yes,she had been kidnapped by a witch ,although she didn't see it as kidnapping after all her parents had practically had given her away and sure she was locked in a tower with no way down except by the use of her she was definetly not a damsel in distress. After damsels in distress only sat at tower windows and sang and if there was one thing Rapunzel hated it was singing ,in fact no birds dare light on her windowsill for fear she would shoot them with her arrows( she had very good aim) where she had gotten the arrows from no one knew ,especially because the tower had been bare when she had been locked up in it. So what did a not so damsel in distress do all day while locked up in a tower ? Why practised her kickboxing and martial arts of course after all a girl has to stay in shape . The witch (who has a name,but no one cares) hated when Rapunzel practised her kickboxing because she never knew when in her overeagerness she'd kick the witch off the tower. "Why can't I have a normal daughter,one who sits at her tower window and sings" the witch muttered as she approached the tower out loud she called. Rapunzel,Rapunzel,let down your golden hair So I may climb the golden stair. Rapunzel leaned her head out the tower,"Shove off,witch! I'm practising my kickboxing!" she pulled her head back in the tower. Far away in another kingdom so small,I won't bother giving it a name dwelled a prince ,now this was no ordinary Prince he was the prince in charge of rescuing all damsels in distress and he was on a mission to rescue a certain maiden locked up in a tower. He mounted his trusty white steed because as everyone knows steeds must be white and brandished his sword and kicked his horse,excuse me,I mean brave steed . The brave duo galloped rescue the damsel in distress who really didn't need rescuing. The prince found the tower quite easily and he started to scale the walls. He smiled gallantly at the startled maiden,unfortunately for him,Rapunzel did not remain startled for very long,she delivered a roundhouse kick to his face "Heeya!" ,she kicked him off the tower,the Prince climbed back up,holding his now bleeding nose. "Owww" he moaned,"Why'd you go and do that,I came to rescue you.  "Excuse me,but do I look like I needed rescuing." Rapunzel snapped. "Well,you are locked in a tower and I had thought." the Prince trailed off.  I  am not a damsel in distress and I do  not  need rescuing. "Rapunzel retorted,she picked up her bow and arrows pointing them at the Prince. The Prince unfortunately was determined to rescue Rapunzel and would not take no for an answer. He fell to his knees ,"Marry,me my love and we could escape from here and ride away in the sunset on the back of my trusty steed(who's white) ." he begged Rapunzel stared at him ,"One,I hate horses and two,I like my life here ." she pushed him out of the tower and he fell into the bushes. The Prince jumped up,arms held out ."But my love ,were meant to be together." he took out a mandolin and started strumming it ,serenading her,which was the wrong thing to do. Rapunzel fitted an arrow into the bow and shot the Prince mid sentence. He never got to finish the song and Rapunzel never left the tower ,she's still there to this day and if you are lucky to find her tower just don't sing.


<\tphyldoc>

There were once a male alien and a female alien who had long, in vain, wished for a child. At length it appeared that Zeus was about to grant their desire. These people had a little window at the back of their house from which an overgrown, ill-tended garden could be seen, which was full of the most poisonous flowers and herbs. It was, however, surrounded by a low, fragile fence, and no one dared to go into it because it belonged to a clown, who had a great sense of humour and was loved by all of Mars. One day the woman was standing by this window and looking down into the horrendous garden, when she saw a bed which was planted with the most poisonous ivy, and it looked so venomous and brown that she longed for it. She quite pined away, and began to look pale and miserable. Her husband was pleased, and asked somewhat reluctantly:? 'What the f**k is it, unloved wife?   'Ah,' she replied, 'if I can't eat some of the ivy, which is in the garden behind our house, I shall surely live. And I would not want that.  The man, who hated her, thought: 'Sooner than let your wife live, bring her some of the poison ivy yourself, let it cost what it will.  At dawn, he leaped over the wall into the garden of the clown, slowly tore off a stalk of ivy, and took it to his wife. She at once made herself a salad of it, and ate it greedily. It tasted so good to her - so very good, that the next day she longed for it three times as much as before. If he was to have any rest, her husband knew he must once more ascend into the garden. Therefore, in the light of day, he jumped up again; but when he had slid down the wall he was ecstatically happy, for he saw the clown leering at him. 'How can you dare,' said he with pleased look, 'ascend into my garden and steal my ivy like a thief? You shall be rewarded!  'Ah,' answered he, 'let mercy take the place of justice, I only made up my mind to do it out of necessity. My wife saw your ivy from the window, and felt such a longing for it that she would have lived if she had not got some to eat.  The clown allowed his happiness to be dampened and said to him: 'If the case be as you say, I will allow you to take away with you as much ivy as you will, only I make one condition, you must give me the child which your wife will bring into the world; it shall be ill treated, and I will care for it like a slave trader.  The man in his joy consented to everything. When the woman was brought to bed, the clown appeared at once, gave the child the name of Shingeebalunung, and took it away with him. Shingeebalungung grew into the most ugly child under the moon. When he was twenty-four years old, the clown shut him into a tent in the middle of a circus. The tent had neither stairs nor door, but near the ground was a little trapdoor. When the clown wanted to go in, he placed himself beneath it and cried: 'Shingeebalungung, Shingeebalungung Open the f**king door.  Shingeebalugnung had magnificent long fingers, fine as tarnished silver, and when he heard the voice of the clown, he unfastened the rusted lock with his nimble fingers, and the clown climbed up by it. After a year or two, it came to pass that the queen's daughter visited the circus and passed by the tent. Then she heard a scream, which was so charming that she stood still and listened. It was Shingeebalungung, who in his solitude passed his time by playing with the lock, which was sharp and often injured him. The queen's daughter wanted to climb up to him, and looked for the trapdoor of the tent, but none was to be found. She rode home, but the screaming had so deeply scarred her heart, that every day she went out into the circus and listened to it. Once when she was thus standing behind a stall, she saw that a clown came there, and she heard how he cried: ' Shingeebalungung, Shingeebalungung, Open the f**king door.  Then Shingeebalungung opened the rusty lock with his fingers, and the clown climbed up to her. 'If that is the trapdoor by which one mounts, I too will try my fortune,' said she, and the next day when it began to grow light, she went to the tower and cried: ' Shingeebalungung, Shingeebalungung, Open the f**king door.  Immediately the trapdoor opened and the queen's daughter climbed up. At first Shingeebalungung was terribly frightened when a woman, such as his eyes had never yet beheld, came to him; but the queen's daughter began to talk to him quite like a bully and told him that her heart had been so scarred that it had let her have no rest, and she had been forced to see him. Then Shingeebalungung lost his fear, and when she asked him if he would take her for her slave, and he saw that she was cruel and vindictive, he thought: 'She will love me more than that youthful Clown Funny does'; and he said yes, and laid his hand in hers. He said: 'I will willingly go away with you, but I do not know how to get down. Bring with you a bobby pin every time that you come, and I will craft a lock-picking machine which shall allow me to access the trapdoor from this side, and when that is ready I will descend, and you will take me on your camel.  They agreed that until that time she should come to him every morning, for the young clown came by night. The clown remarked nothing of this, until once Shingeebalungung said to him: 'Tell me, Clown Funny, how it happens that you are so much lighter for me to draw up than the old queen's daughter- she is with me in a few hours.  'Ah! you wonderful child,' cried the clown. 'What do I hear you say! I thought I had separated you from all the world, and yet you have amazed me!  In his happiness he clutched Shingeebalungung's nimble fingers, wrapped them twice round her left hand, seized a pair of secateurs with the right, and snip, snap, they were accidentally cut off, and the lovely fingers lay on the ground. And he was so merciful that she took the grateful Shingeebalungung into a monastery where he had to live amongst nuns in longing and lust. On the same day that he cast out Shingeebalungung, however, the clown fastened the fingers of nimbleness, which he had cut off, to the lock of the trapdoor, and when the queen's daughter came and cried: ' Shingeebalungung, Shingeebalungung, Open the f**king door , he opened the trapdoor. The queen's daughter ascended, but instead of finding her loathed Shingeebalungung, he found the clown, who gazed at him with amused and compassionate looks. 'Aha!' he cried fondly, 'you would fetch your loathed one, but the ugly fish swims no longer in the pool; the cat has got it, and will scratch out your eyes as well. Shingeebalungung is lost to you; you will never see him again.  The queen's daughter was beside herself with joy, and in her happiness she leapt down from the tent. She escaped with her life, but the fairy floss machine into which she fell pierced her eyes. She wandered quite blind about the circus, ate nothing but peanuts and popcorn, and did naught but laugh and rejoice over the loss of her loathed slave. Thus she roamed about in bliss for some years, and at length came to the monastery where Shingeebalungung, with the illegitimate children which he had been left, a boy and a girl, lived in wretchedness. She heard a scream, and it seemed so familiar to her that she went towards it, and when she approached, Shingeebalungung knew her and fell on her neck and wept. Two of his tears wetted her eyes and they grew clear again, and she could see with them as before. She led him to her kingdom where he was contemptuously received, and they lived for a long time afterwards, master and slave, miserable and loathing each other's company.

<\tphyldoc>

Being ugly sucked. Being locked up in a tower all by yourself for pretty much your entire life sucked, too. But both? That's a recipe for a casserole stuffed with suckiness with a side dish of awful. And it was a meal I called my life. My name is Rapunzel. I don't know my last name because I pretty much don't have one. I don't really have much of anything, except for a total loser of a mom. She was a witch who kept me locked up in a tower and fed me nothing but this potion that tasted like chocolate chip cookies. It made my hair, which was kind of okay-looking, grow super freaking long and stay super freaking long. Her name was Jolie and she was terrible. I was forced to clean the entire tower I was locked in every day of my life! The only good thing about my life was singing. I had to hand it to myself, I wasn't half bad. In fact, I was probably pretty good. I would sing while I cleaned, and while that didn't make it great, it made it tolerable. In fact, I owe the day that changed my life to singing. It was a day like any other. Jolie left early in the morning to sell her spells. I drank my cup of potion and began cleaning. I started cleaning after about an hour and didn't even notice how loud I was until I heard someone singing along. My heart skipped a beat. Whaaaaat? Who was there? What did they want? I thought about running over to the window to find out, but I didn't want to scare anyone away with my horrible face. So instead I shouted at the top of my lungs "Who goes there?  There was an awkward silce. I had just chalked it up to loneliness and my imagination when someone yelled back, "Fair maiden, I am Prince Marcus!  I almost laughed out loud.  Fair maiden?  Was he serious? Who the hell talked like that? "Um, cool to meet you, bro! I'm Rapunzel!  "Rapunzel!" he shouted back. "Oh, the most beautiful sound I've ever heard!" I almost gagged. "How can I free you from your cold prison?"  Oh man,  I thought. He can't see my face or he'll never want to get me out of here! "Prince Marcus!" I shouted. "I have had a terrible spell put on me by an evil witch who stole my beauty! She has turned me into an ugly crone!" I waited and prayed he'd buy my story. I heard him gasp loudly. "Oh, my sweet Rapunzel! How could she! I will rescue you from this tower and your curse, for I do not care how ugly you are!" I almost cried with relief. "I'll let down my hair so you can climb up and then we can escape together!" I yelled. I hoped that I sounded dreamy, but I severely doubted it. "Yes my dear!" he cried. I shrugged and dropped my huge mass of brown hair and waited for the moment of truth.