A long time ago, there were a King and Queen who said every day, Ah, if only we had a child! but they never had one.
But it happened that once when the Queen was bathing, a Frog crept out of the water on to the land, and said to her, Your wish shall be fulfilled. Before a year has gone by, you shall have a daughter.
What the Frog had said came true, and the Queen had a little girl, who was so pretty that the King could not contain himself for joy, and ordered a great feast. He invited not only his kindred, friends and acquaintance, but also the Wise Women, in order that they might be kind and well-disposed toward the child. There were thirteen of them in his kingdom. But, as he had only twelve golden plates for them to eat out of, one of them had to be left at home.
The feast was held with all manner of splendor. When it came to an end the Wise Women bestowed their magic gifts upon the baby. One gave Virtue, another Beauty, a third Riches, and so on with everything in the world that one can wish for.
When eleven of them had made their promises, suddenly the thirteenth came in. She wished to avenge herself for not having been invited, and without greeting, or even looking at any one, she cried with a loud voice, The King s Daughter, in her fifteenth year, shall prick herself with a spindle, and fall down dead. And, without saying a word more, she turned round and left the room.
They were all shocked. But the twelfth, whose good wish still remained unspoken, came forward, and as she could not undo the evil sentence, but only soften it, she said, It shall not be death, but a deep sleep of a hundred years, into which the Princess shall fall.
The King, who wished to keep his dear child from the misfortune, gave orders that every spindle in the whole kingdom should be burnt. Meanwhile, the gifts of the Wise Women were fulfilled on the young girl, for she was so beautiful, modest, sweet tempered, and wise, that every one who saw her, was bound to love her.
It happened that on the very day, when she was fifteen years old, the King and Queen were not at home, and the maiden was left in the palace quite alone. So she went round into all sorts of places, looked into rooms and bedchambers just as she liked, and at last came to an old tower. She climbed up the narrow winding-staircase, and reached a little door. A rusty key was in the lock, and when she turned it the door sprang open. There in a little room sat an Old Woman with a spindle, busily spinning flax.Good day, old Dame, said the King s Daughter; what are you doing there?
I am spinning, said the Old Woman, and nodded her head.
What sort of thing is that, which rattles round so merrily? said the maiden, and she took the spindle and wanted to spin too. But scarcely had she touched the spindle when the magic decree was fulfilled, and she pricked her finger with it.
And, in the very moment when she felt the prick, she fell down upon the bed that stood there, and lay in a deep sleep. And this sleep extended over the whole palace.
The King and Queen, who had just come home, and had entered the great hall, began to go to sleep, and the whole of the Court with them. The horses, too, went to sleep in the stable, the dogs in the yard, the pigeons upon the roof, the flies on the wall. Even the fire, that was flaming on the hearth, became quiet and slept. The roast meat left off frizzling, and the cook, who was just going to pull the hair of the scullery boy, because he had forgotten something, let him go, and went to sleep. And the wind fell; and on the trees before the castle not a leaf moved again.
But round about the castle, there began to grow a hedge of thorns. Every year it became higher, and at last grew close up round the castle and all over it, so that there was nothing of it to be seen, not even the flag upon the roof.
But the story of the beautiful sleeping Briar-Rose, for so the Princess was named, went about the country, so that from time to time Kings  Sons came and tried to get through the thorny hedge into the castle. But they found it impossible, for the thorns held fast together, as if they had hands, and the youths were caught in them, could not get loose again, and died a miserable death.
After long, long years, again a King's Son came to that country. He heard an old man talking about the thorn-hedge, and that a castle was said to stand behind it in which a wonderfully beautiful Princess, named Briar-Rose, had been asleep for a hundred years; and that the King and Queen and the whole Court were asleep likewise. He had heard, too, from his grandfather, that many Kings  Sons had come, and had tried to get through the thorny hedge, but they had remained sticking fast in it, so had died a pitiful death.
Then the youth said, I am not afraid. I will go and see the beautiful Briar-Rose. The good old man might dissuade him as he would, he did not listen to his words.
But by this time the hundred years had just passed. The day was come when Briar-Rose was to awake again. When the King s Son came near to the thorn-hedge, it was nothing but large and beautiful flowers, which parted from each other of their own accord, and let him pass unhurt. Then they closed again behind him like a hedge.
In the castle-yard he saw the horses and the spotted hounds lying asleep. On the roof, sat the pigeons with their heads under their wings. And when he entered the house, the flies were asleep upon the wall, the cook in the kitchen was still holding out his hand to seize the boy, and the maid was sitting by the black hen which she was going to pluck.
He went on farther, and in the great hall he saw the whole of the Court lying asleep, and by the throne lay the King and Queen.
Then he went on still farther, and all was so quiet that a breath could be heard. At last he came to the tower, and opened the door into the little room where Briar-Rose was sleeping. There she lay, so beautiful that he could not turn his eyes away. He stooped down and gave her a kiss. But as soon as he kissed her, Briar-Rose opened her eyes and awoke, and looked at him quite sweetly.
Then they went down together, and the King awoke, and the Queen, and the whole Court, and gazed at each other in great astonishment. And the horses in the courtyard stood up and shook themselves. The hounds jumped up and wagged their tails. The pigeons upon the roof pulled out their heads from under their wings, looked round, and flew into the open country. The flies on the wall crept again. The fire in the kitchen burned up and flickered and cooked the meat. The joint began to turn and frizzle, and the cook gave the boy such a box on the ear that he screamed, and the maid plucked the fowl ready for the spit.
And then the marriage of the King s Son and Briar-Rose was celebrated with all splendor, and they lived contented to the end of their days.

<\tphyldoc>


After waking up and realizing that she had given birth twins because she was rapped by a monarch, the sleeping beauty had a panic attack. She left the palace were she and her children were living since she felt sleep, and ran into the woods. The sleeping beauty was hysterical and really scared, after running for about an hour late at night she found a cabin in the woods and she went in to find shelter. The next day the monarch send people to look for her, but anyone could find her, neither her nor the cabin. She lived for a few years in that cabin and survived with fruits and plants from the woods, but one day she had a nervous stroke and died all by her self.

<\tphyldoc>

Once upon a time, in the Land of Eternal Happiness, a young couple was blessed with the birth of a beautiful bouncing baby...girl. The newlyweds were thrilled.
"What shall we name her?" the proud father asked eagerly, smiling down on his child, asleep in her pinewood crib.
"I think we shall call her Thereasa," her mother decided. She herself was called Cynthia, and she was a beautiful maiden with flowing hair the color of butter, and richly colored eyes that glinted of gold. Already they could tell that her daughter was to take after her; the gentle beauty of her mother lay with grace on her tiny visage.
Soon the baby shower invitations were sent out. Everyone in the kingdom recieved one, save for the Good Faerie of the north. Her invite had been lost in the mail. However, she soon got word of the gathering, and wondered why she had not been invited.
She waited day and night by the mailbox, but the invitation never came. She began to dispair. Should she go to the party anyway? Would it be too rude? Did the family hate her or something? That thought made her angry. The more she thought about it, the angrier she got. Angrier than anyone in the Land of Eternal Happiness had ever been before. Her perfect features contorted. Her pleasant smile became a permenent frown, exposing imperfect teeth. She slowly became the Dark Faerie of the north.
The day of the baby shower arrived, and the couple, oblivious to the fact that the Good Faerie of the north had not recieved her invitation, and had thus been transformed by her own hate and anger into the Dark Faerie of the north, were preparing everything just the way they had planned, even writing out a little place card for the faerie at the head of the table.
The guests arrived, and mingled politely, cooing over the baby and placing gifts on the table near the door. Soon all the guests had arrived. All except the Good Faerie of the north, that is. Cynthia and her husband Roald chatted nervously with the guests, wondering where the faerie was, and why she was so late.
"Perhaps her broom broke down," Roald guessed.
Cynthia, holding Thereasa firmly as she faced the guests, agreed. "Well, it will do us no good waiting for her," she decided. "After all, we don't know when she is going to show up." So they sat down to eat the glorious meal Cynthia had spend all day cooking.
They were in the middle of a heated conversation about broccoli and soil quality, when the Dark Faerie of the north burst in, dressed in black and positively seething with fury. "WHY was I not invited?!" she stormed throwing up her hands so everyone in the room could see her arthritis-gnarled fingers with black, rotton, chewed-up nails.
Cynthia started to explain that she had been invited, but she was interupted.
"I lay a curse on this child's head!" she shreiked. Her words burned the ears of the terrified guests. "On her twelfth birthday, she will fall down dead, and all happiness will be gone from this land.
There was a collective gasp from the guests, and then, in a flash of foul-smelling smoke, the faerie disapeared, shooting a parting glare at the couple and their daughter.

<\tphyldoc>

All my life the kingdom, the peasants, family even my own parents had hidden a secret from me. A secret that affected me since I was barely a few months of age, predicting my death after I had only begun life. My father tried to prevent the curse from ever happening by destroying all the spindles that existed in our kingdom but somehow never letting me defend myself ;however, the curse found a way only fifteen years after my birth. Some would think that it would be obvious to anyone to clue me in on that small piece of information for my own safety if not anything else. My parents feared anything that could have any possibility of causing me pain, injury or strife, so the secret was kept safe, out of my hands.

My parents always sought to control every aspect of my life which in turn made me a sort of rebel, never listening to my mentors or tutors. Ignoring their pleas to stay in the castle at all hours of the day. Disappearing for hours at a time without any sort of explanation, leaving them wondering of my location and actions. Angering them more I opposed all authority they attempted to exert on me. Not even the crown guards could capture me when I wanted to escape.

I used to think perhaps if I had known about the curse placed on me, I would have still searched desperately for any spindle in the Kingdom for curiosity sake but seeing as the curse did take its effect I am rather glad I was in complete ignorance of it for I would live in constant fear as my parents. Though a hundred years after my terrible mistake, a very handsome prince did save me and my father's entire kingdom from the dreadful eternal sleep, which wasn't all that bad, almost like a constant dream. I gave him my gratitude, as did my parents, the peasants and anyone else under the influence of the sleep, but still he insisted for my hand in marriage. I complied and we had a splendorous wedding with everyone from his kingdom and my realm invited but soon after I had pledged my vows to him forever I learned that he was intolerably obnoxious and I could no longer stand to be in the same room with him anymore. Now I live in my realm free of the sound of his voice.

Very happily divorced.

