Once upon a time, in the middle of winter, when the flakes of snow were falling like feathers from the sky, a Queen sat at a window sewing, and the frame of the window was made of black ebony.
And whilst she was sewing and looking out of the window at the snow, she pricked her finger with the needle, and three drops of blood fell upon the snow. And the red looked pretty upon the white snow, and she thought to herself, Would that I had a child as white as snow, as red as blood, and as black as the wood of the window-frame.
Soon after that she had a little daughter, who was as white as snow, and as red as blood, and her hair was as black as ebony. She was therefore called little Snow-White. And when the child was born, the Queen died.
After a year had passed the King took to himself another wife. She was a beautiful woman, but proud and haughty, and she could not bear that any one else should surpass her in beauty. She had a wonderful looking-glass, and when she stood in front of it and looked at herself in it, and said:
Looking-Glass, Looking-Glass, on the wall,
Who in this land is the fairest of all?
the Looking-Glass answered:
Thou, O Queen, art the fairest of all!
Then she was satisfied, for she knew that the Looking-Glass spoke the truth.
But little Snow-White was growing up, and grew more and more beautiful. When she was seven years old she was as beautiful as the day, and more beautiful than the Queen herself. And once when the Queen asked her Looking-Glass:
Looking-Glass, Looking-Glass, on the wall,
Who in this land is the fairest of all?
it answered:
Thou art fairer than all who are here, Lady Queen.
But more beautiful still is Snow-White, I ween.
Then the Queen was shocked, and turned yellow and green with envy. From that hour, whenever she looked at little Snow-White, her heart heaved in her breast, she hated the maiden so much.
And envy and pride grew higher and higher in her heart like a weed, so that she had no peace day or night. She called a huntsman, and said, Take the child away into the forest. I will no longer have her in my sight. Kill her.
The huntsman obeyed, and took her away. But when he had drawn his knife, and was about to pierce little Snow-White's innocent heart, she began to weep, and said, Ah, dear Huntsman, leave me my life! I will run away into the wild forest, and never come home again.
And as she was so beautiful, the huntsman had pity on her and said, Run away, then, you poor child. The wild beasts will soon have devoured you, thought he, and yet it seemed as if a stone had been rolled from his heart since it was no longer needful for him to kill her.
But now, the poor child was all alone in the great forest, and so terrified that she looked at every leaf of every tree, and did not know what to do. Then she began to run, and ran over sharp stones and through thorns, and the wild beasts ran past her, but did her no harm.
She ran as long as her feet would go, until it was almost evening. Then she saw a little cottage and went into it to rest herself. Everything in the cottage was small, but neater and cleaner than can be told. There was a table on which was a white cover, and seven little plates, and on each plate a little spoon. Moreover, there were seven little knives and forks, and seven little mugs. Against the wall stood seven little beds side by side, and covered with snow-white counterpanes.
Little Snow-White was so hungry and thirsty, that she ate some vegetables and bread from each plate and drank a drop of wine out of each mug, for she did not wish to take all from one only. Then, as she was so tired, she laid herself down on one of the little beds, but none of them suited her. One was too long, another too short, but at last she found that the seventh one was right, so she remained in it, said a prayer and went to sleep.
When it was quite dark the owners of the cottage came back. They were seven Dwarfs who dug and delved in the mountains for ore. They lit their seven candles, and, as it was now light within the cottage, they saw that some one had been there, for everything was not in the same order in which they had left it.
The first said, Who has been sitting on my chair?
The second, Who has been eating off my plate?
The third, Who has been taking some of my bread?
The fourth, Who has been eating my vegetables?
The fifth, Who has been using my fork?
The sixth, Who has been cutting with my knife?
The seventh, Who has been drinking out of my mug?
Then the first looked round and saw that there was a little hole on his bed, and he said, Who has been getting into my bed?
The others came up and each called out, Somebody has been lying in my bed too.
But the seventh when he looked at his bed saw little Snow-White, who was lying fast asleep therein. And he called the others, who came running up, and they cried out with astonishment, and brought their seven little candles and let the light fall on little Snow-White.
Oh, oh! cried they, what a lovely child! and they were so glad that they did not wake her up, but let her sleep on in the bed. And the seventh Dwarf slept with his companions, one hour with each, and so got through the night.
The next morning, little Snow-White awoke, and was frightened when she saw the seven Dwarfs. But they were friendly and asked her what her name was.
My name is little Snow-White, she answered.
How have you come to our house? said the Dwarfs.
Then she told them that the wicked Queen had wished to have her killed, but that the huntsman had spared her life, and that she had run for the whole day, until at last she had found their dwelling.
The Dwarfs said, If you will take care of our house, cook, make the beds, wash, sew, and knit, and if you will keep everything neat and clean, you may stay with us and you shall want for nothing.
Yes, said little Snow-White, with all my heart, and she stayed with them.
She kept the house in order for them. In the mornings they went to the mountains and looked for copper and gold, in the evenings they came back, and then their supper had to be ready.
The maiden was alone the whole day, so the good Dwarfs warned her and said, Beware of the Queen, she will soon know that you are here. Be sure to let no one come in.
But the Queen, believing that little Snow-White was dead, could not but think that she herself was again the first and most beautiful of all. She went to her Looking-Glass, and said:
Looking-Glass, Looking-Glass, on the wall,
Who in this land is the fairest of all?
and the Glass answered:
Oh, Queen, thou art fairest of all I see,
But over the hills, where the Seven Dwarfs dwell,
Little Snow-White is alive and well,
And none is so fair as she.
Then she was astounded, for she knew that the Looking-Glass never spoke falsely, and she knew that the huntsman had betrayed her, for that little Snow-White was still alive.
And so she thought and thought again how she might kill her, for so long as she herself was not the fairest in the whole land, envy let her have no rest. And when she had at last thought of something to do, she painted her face, and dressed herself like an old pedler-woman, and no one could have known her.
In this disguise she went over the Seven Mountains to the Seven Dwarfs, and knocked at the door and cried, Pretty things to sell, very cheap, very cheap!
Little Snow-White looked out at the window, and called, Good-day, my dear woman, what have you to sell?
Good things, pretty things, she answered; stay-laces of all colors, and she pulled out one which was woven of bright-colored silk.
I may let the worthy old woman in, thought little Snow-White, and she unbolted the door and bought the pretty laces.
Child, said the old woman, what a fright you look. Come, I will lace you properly for once.
Little Snow-White had no suspicion, but stood before her, and let herself be laced with the new laces. But the old woman laced so quickly and laced so tightly that little Snow-White lost her breath and fell down as if dead.
Now I am the most beautiful, said the Queen to herself, and ran away.
Not long afterward, in the evening, the Seven Dwarfs came home. But how shocked they were when they saw their dear little Snow-White lying on the ground, and that she neither stirred nor moved, and seemed to be dead. They lifted her up, and, as they saw that she was laced too tightly, they cut the laces. Than she began to breathe a little, and after a while came to life again.
When the Dwarfs heard what had happened, they said, The old pedler-woman was no one else than the wicked Queen. Take care and let no one come in when we are not with you.
But the wicked woman, when she had reached home, went in front of the Glass and asked:
Looking-Glass, Looking-Glass, on the wall,
Who in this land is the fairest of all?
and it answered as before:
Oh, Queen, thou art fairest of all I see,
But over the hills, where the Seven Dwarfs dwell,
Little Snow-White is alive and well,
And none is so fair as she.
When she heard that, all her blood rushed to her heart with fear, for she saw plainly that little Snow-White was again alive. But now, she said, I will think of something that shall put an end to you, and by the help of witchcraft, which she understood, she made a poisonous comb.
Then she disguised herself, and took the shape of another old woman. So she went over the Seven Mountains to the Seven Dwarfs, knocked at the door, and cried, Good things to sell, cheap, cheap!
Little Snow-White looked out, and said, Go away. I cannot let any one come in.
I suppose you may look, said the old woman, and pulled the poisonous comb out and held it up.
It pleased the maiden so well that she let herself be beguiled, and opened the door. When they had made a bargain, the old woman said, Now I will comb you properly for once.
Poor little Snow-White had no suspicion, and let the Old Woman do as she pleased. But hardly had she put the comb in her hair, then the poison in it took effect, and the maiden fell down senseless.
You paragon of beauty, said the wicked woman, you are done for now! and she went away.
But fortunately it was almost evening, and the Seven Dwarfs came home. When they saw little Snow-White lying as if dead upon the ground, they at once suspected the Queen. They looked and found the poisoned comb. Scarcely had they taken it out, when little Snow-White came to herself, and told them what had happened. Then they warned her once more to be upon her guard, and to open the door to no one.
The Queen, at home, went in front of the Glass and said:
Looking-Glass, Looking-Glass, on the wall,
Who in this land is the fairest of all?
then it answered as before:
Oh, Queen, thou art fairest of all I see,
But over the hills, where the Seven Dwarfs dwell,
Little Snow-White is alive and well,
And none is so fair as she.
When she heard the Glass speak thus, she trembled and shook with rage. Little Snow-White shall die, she cried, even if it costs me my life!
Thereupon she went into a secret, lonely room, where no one ever came, and there she made a very poisonous apple. Outside it looked pretty, white with a red cheek, so that every one who saw it longed for it. But whoever ate a piece of it must surely die.
When the apple was ready, she painted her face, and dressed herself as a countrywoman, and so she went over the Seven Mountains to the Seven Dwarfs. She knocked at the door. Little Snow-White put her head out of the window and said, I cannot let any one in. The Seven Dwarfs have forbidden me.
It is all the same to me, answered the woman, I shall soon get rid of my apples. There, I will give you one.
No, said little Snow-White, I dare not take anything.
Are you afraid of poison? said the old woman. Look, I will cut the apple in two pieces. You eat the red cheek, and I will eat the white.
The apple was so cunningly made that only the red cheek was poisoned. Little Snow-White longed for the fine apple, and when she saw that the woman ate part of it, she could resist no longer, and stretched out her hand and took the poisonous half. But hardly had she a bit of it in her mouth, than she fell down dead.
Then the Queen looked at her with a dreadful look, and laughed aloud, and said, White as snow, red as blood, black as ebony-wood! This time the Dwarfs cannot wake you up again!
And when she asked of the Looking-Glass at home:
Looking-Glass, Looking-Glass, on the wall,
Who in this land is the fairest of all?
it answered at last:
Oh, Queen, in this land thou art fairest of all.
Then her envious heart had rest, so far as an envious heart can have rest.
The Dwarfs, when they came home in the evening, found little Snow-White lying upon the ground. She breathed no longer and was dead. They lifted her up, looked to see whether they could find anything poisonous, unlaced her, combed her hair, washed her with water and wine, but it was all of no use. The poor child was dead, and remained dead. They laid her upon a bier, and all seven of them sat round it and wept for her, and wept three days long.
Then they were going to bury her, but she still looked as if she was living, and still had her pretty red cheeks. They said, We could not bury her in the dark ground, and they had a transparent coffin of glass made, so that she might be seen from all sides. They laid her in it, and wrote her name upon it in golden letters, and that she was a King's Daughter.
Then they put the coffin out upon the mountain, and one of them always stayed by it to watch it. And birds came too, and wept for little Snow-White; first an owl, then a raven, and last a dove.
And now little Snow-White lay a long, long time in the coffin. She did not change, but looked as if she were asleep; for she was as white as snow, as red as blood, and her hair was as black as ebony.
It happened, however, that a King's Son came into the forest, and went to the Dwarfs' house to spend the night. He saw the coffin on the mountain, and the beautiful little Snow-White within it, and read what was written upon it in golden letters.
Then he said to the Dwarfs, Let me have the coffin. I will give you whatever you want for it.
But the Dwarfs answered, We will not part with it for all the gold in the world.
Then he said, Let me have it as a gift, for I cannot live without seeing little Snow-White. I will honor and prize her as my dearest possession, As he spoke in this way the good Dwarfs took pity upon him, and gave him the coffin.
And now the King's Son had it carried away by his servants on their shoulders. And it happened, that they stumbled over a tree-stump, and with the shock the poisonous piece of apple, which little Snow-White had bitten off, came out of her throat. And before long she opened her eyes, lifted up the lid of the coffin, sat up, and was once more alive.
Oh, where am I? she cried.
The King's Son, full of joy, said, You are with me, and told her what had happened, and said, I love you more than everything in the world. Come with me to my father's palace, you shall be my wife.
And little Snow-White was willing, and went with him, and their wedding was held with great show and splendor. But the wicked Queen was also bidden to the feast. When she had arrayed herself in beautiful clothes, she went before the Looking-Glass, and said:
Looking-Glass, Looking-Glass, on the wall,
Who in this land is the fairest of all?
the Glass answered:
Oh, Queen, of all here the fairest art thou,
But the young Queen is fairer by far, I trow!
Then the wicked woman uttered a curse, and was so wretched, so utterly wretched, that she knew not what to do. At first she would not go to the wedding at all, but she had no peace, and must go to see the young Queen.
And when she went in she knew little Snow-White. And she stood still with rage and fear, and could not stir. But iron slippers had already been put upon the fire, and they were brought in with tongs, and set before her. Then she was forced to put on the red-hot shoes, and dance until she dropped down dead.

<\tphyldoc>

After they got married, Snow White and the Prince(who's real name was Billy) planned an extravagant honeymoon at the beach. Using their family discount, they forced the dwarves to take them there in their canoe service. When the six long hours to get to the beach were over, they hurried off to their beach cabin without leaving a tip for the dwarves.
As it was really late when they got to the beach, they went straight to bed. In the morning, Snow White woke up with a HUGE urge to go swimming. Billy the Prince was feeling so sick that he couldn't go, and he had ordered Snow never to go swimming alone. She became really mad at Billy and said she would divorce if he didn't let her go. He hastily said she could, but warned her not to go to deep.
Snow headed out to the ocean to swim. Ignoring Billy's warning, she swam out really deep. Unfortunately, she managed to annoy a huge fish and the fish ate her.
The fish began to feel very sick. Snow was so sweet that he had to throw her back up. After shrieking 'Ewwwww!' she started swimming back. And then she ran into the witch.
The witch had been stalking Snow and the prince ever since they'd gotten married. She'd taken the dwarves canoe service to the beach(and didn't leave a tip) and camped out. When she saw Snow swimming she'd grabbed an apple and gone after her.
However, she annoyed the huge fish even more with her splashing and cackling and he ate her too. Again, the huge fish felt sick. The witch was so sour he puked her back up. The witch was disgusted and decided to quit chasing Snow and start her own fashion line. She and the fish discussed this and became partners. They named their line The Bad Apples.
Snow went back to Billy the Prince and told him what happened. Fortunately he was too sick to care. When the vacation was done the took the dwarves' canoe service back to the castle and didn't leave a tip. The dwarves went out of business and went to work for t5he witch and the fish.
Snow and Billy the Prince lived happily ever after.

<\tphyldoc>

Snow White was a girl in Extraordinarily Long Names land. She used to have a loving mother and father, but the mother died just so Snow White's father could get a new wife.
This new wife was called Long Haired Girl (very random), and was very pretty and kind. But since fairy tales can't work with all good people, the father also married an evil queen. The queen would ask her blind mice who was the prettiest in the world, and they always replied, "Squeak," which was a very satisfying answer since her name was Squeak.
But one day, Squeak got a Magic 8 Ball from Dollar Tree, and asked if she was the prettiest in the world. The ball replied, "My sources say no." Enraged, she destroyed the ball and had to pay a 10 fine.
Well, Snow White found a boyfriend, to which Squeak was very jealous of. So she sent a pencil sharpener to kill Snow White. Well, the pencil sharpener ran out of batteries, and Snow White was found by her boyfriend, who wanted to ask if they could study for the college entrance exam together.


<\tphyldoc>

My story is one which has been oft-quoted, but never in quite the right way. It seems to be a story which people tell their children, but no-one ever seems to notice just how dastardly gruesome it actually was. I was pronounced dead, not once, but three times! That apple was only the half of it. I had poisoned combs stuck into my scalp, and was strangled with a ribbon for a dress. Even the apple is never told right   I wouldn't have eaten it if it hadn't been for her taking a bite out of the non-poisoned side first! And she didn't look a bit like my stepmother. Don't even get me started on her wanting to eat my heart. Eww, anyone?
I'm always portrayed as the weak one, the flimsy mimsy one who did all the housework for these lovable dwarves. Ha! Housework for that lot takes some hard graft let me tell you! And lovable? Well, in some sort of way I guess they were lovable. Underneath all that brashness, anyway. And they did care about me, but boy did they get in a mood with me when they found out I'd answered the door to my stepmother. As if it was so blindingly obvious, as if she hadn't disguised herself with magic all three times. Their occupation was simply laughable, too. Going out to the mines, finding all these precious gems, and just hoarding them in a different cottage somewhere. Not going to sell them. No, no, which is why we lived in such a dump.
But the thing that gets me most about when people tell me story is the way they portray my dear husband, Prince Charming. I mean, it's not like riding past a house and seeing a dead woman and then asking to kiss her is at all weird and creepy, is it? I don't know why the dwarves let him. I mean, of course I'm grateful that he dislodged the poisoned apple from my throat, but he thinks that gives him claim to pick me up and ride off with me, without so much as a by-your-leave. He spends the whole journey back to his castle telling me about his life (yawn, boring!) and how much I'm going to enjoy being his wife. Excuse me? Who said anything about marriage?
So here I am now, married to this berk, Prince Charming. He doesn't let me do anything exciting, the height of fun for me is embroidery. He's away a lot as well, never spends more than two or three nights a week with me. Which is a blessing, and a curse. His servants are all such little sneaks, telling him everything I've been up to. If he finds out it's anything active at all, he reprimands me harshly, telling me that is NOT what princesses do. Has he never heard of the Karate Princess?
I've got a sneaking suspicion there are other women in his life as well, I've heard him mentioning some girl called Cinderella, and some person called Beauty or something stupid like that. Last week he said he had an important meeting with a girl called Rapunzel about hair products. Well he should know enough about them, he's so vain about his hair and every aspect of his appearance. He owns ten beauty products to my one. I'm just scared he might be leading some kind of quadruple life. I think I should leave him, but my father says he may grow on me.
Now I'm sitting here just wondering   must I learn to love him?

<\tphyldoc>

Once upon a time, many years ago, there was a blustery snow blizzard in the middle of winter. The flakes fell like huge blossoms from the sky, by dawn the blizzard had ceased and the snow was a foot deep. A fair little girl was found in the snow that morning. She was taken to the nearby orphanage and as no one knew who she was they named her Snow-White, to reflect how pale her skin was.
She had an acceptable childhood even though she was the only girl so the seven older boys that were there took care of her. All seven of them had their own personalities and were completely different to each other. They were the ones that helped her through the tough times. Whenever it had snowed she was reminded of her parents, wondering who they were and why she had been left outside.
When she was eight years old a kind man came to the orphanage and adopted her. She was sad to leave her friends. The kind man made her feel like she was part of a real family. But this is a fairy tale and you know there has to be a twist. He married. A fair and beautiful woman named Queenie. The three of them were happy for a while; Queenie had no jealous thoughts and didn't notice how her husband focused most of his attention of their daughter. But that all changed. A friend of Queenie's came to visit her but as soon as she saw Snow-White she forgot about her friend and said how beautiful the little girl was.
Queenie sent her friend home and thought about what she had said and done. It all seemed so clear to her now, her husband could never truly love her whilst that little brat was still around. She would have to bide her time and see if the thought went away. But the idea that she was being rejected only increased and she couldn't bare it any longer. The hatred and envy grew so much, like a weed in her heart, she had no peace and something would have to be done.
She bought a small apple pie and gave it to Snow-White. The effect was almost instantaneous. Snow-White had an allergic reaction to the apples. Her father rushed her to the hospital.
Dr. Hans M. Prince treated Snow-White and generally took care of her. He tried his best but it was already too late. He could only make her comfortable. The effect the apples had had on Snow-White killed her. It's not all bad news though. Just Before she died she told her father all that had happened. Even when she felt so tired she used the last of her strength and said that her mother had given her the pie. Her father was outraged when he heard this horrendous news. He was couldn't believe that his wife could do such an evil thing.
To honour his daughter's memory her father had a snow flake carved onto the gravestone. The seven boys from the orphanage years ago were invited to Snow-White's funeral. They mourned their little Snow-White greatly and insisted that something must be done, but things had already been put in motion. Her father had divorced his wife and managed to get her arrested, she was now on trial. It was a long and strenuous process, but really Queenie didn't have a chance. All of the evidence was stacked against her and she was sent to prison, for life, for the murder of Snow-White.

<\tphyldoc>

Once upon a time, there was a very beautiful queen. She gave birth to a beautiful little girl who had lips as red as a rose, hair, black as ebony, and skin as white as snow. Sadly, the queen died due to some complications and the princess grew up with no mother to watch over her. Her name was Snow White. She was a vain little princess though. She always carried a mirror with her wherever she went and never hesitated to brag to people about how beautiful she was.

Everything went well until one day, when she was sixteen, her father remarried another queen. This queen, unlike Snow White was not the best looking person in the world. Every time Snow White saw her, she would pretend to throw up in disgust. Then again, this queen was also one of the most modest people in the world. She had absolutely no hostile feelings towards Snow White.

About two weeks after her father got married, Snow White got so fed up with having to live with such an ugly woman that she ran away from her castle taking only a little pocket mirror with her. She even left a note saying why she left. After wandering through the forest for a while, she stumbled upon a cottage owned by seven little men. When she saw how ugly they were, she laughed loud and clear into their faces, taking out her pocket mirror and flashing it in their faces to show how ugly they were. Had it been a prince who had teased and taunted them this way, these seven dwarves would have tried to fight him and tie him up in some corner of the cottage but being the gentlemanly dwarves that they were, they merely said nothing.

Snow White took their silence as defeat and made them wait on her hand and foot. She made them make her meals, clean the house, do the laundry, do the dishes, and she made them do every single thing that she wanted them to. One day, the dwarves got so fed up with her that they decided to concoct a plan to kick her out of the house. One of the dwarves stole her little pocket mirror that she always had with her and placed it in the soup she was going to drink for dinner. That night, while Snow White was drinking her soup daintily, the mirror got stuck in her throat and she wasn't able to breathe. She began making the universal sign for choking at the dwarves who were jumping up and down in happiness. Snow White soon felt to the floor, dead. The dwarves decided to take her back to her castle and present her body to her stepmother, the queen.

Once they got to the castle, the queen rushed out followed by her nephew who was just as ugly as her. Her nephew immediately fell in love with Snow White but was crestfallen when he saw that she was dead. Out of sorrow, he placed a single kiss on her lips and the once dead princess coughed and returned to life. She spit out the mirror and shrieked as it broke. She shrieked even louder when she saw the queen's nephew's face looming in front of her. She shrieked once more as she found out that she was required to marry the prince in order for the story to have a happy ending.

She married the prince.


<\tphyldoc>

The Mirror stood against the eastern wall, not quite centered--that would have bothered her. A slight favoring of the left suited her just fine and gave the Mirror a sense of power, that it would stand where it wanted to stand. As it was, the Mirror was situated just so that it was the first thing she saw each morning when she awoke. Yes, the Mirror--several years before she had resigned to the notion that it was the Mirror itself and not her own lovely reflection she saw first. That did not matter, for the Mirror was well-crafted and she did not imagine she would ever find a piece half as stunning. And it was old, centuries old. That notion pleased her, for who said that beauty belonged only to youth? She liked to awaken each morning from her bed of silk and know that each day only brought more refinement as a woman to her image, and the Mirror was gracious enough to tell her this.
Yes, the Mirror was good, for it was Truth and everyone knew that Truth was the most beautiful and perfect thing of all. Why had she feared the Mirror and Truth so much as a young girl, when all it had done was announce that she was indeed the fairest in the land? Well, the Mirror had long since forgiven her.
She stood directly before the Mirror now--morning was in its middle and a servant had already made the bed. The Mirror showed Truth. She saw herself as she was, beautiful and fair, delicate skin of winter, blueberry eyes, hair spilling down her bare breasts like waves of nightfall. Her nose was sharp, but turned upwards to the sun--everyone praised it. Her cheekbones were high and gently rounded, an elegant combination of aristocracy and sweetness. She never bothered with make-up, but her full lips were yet the color of rose petals. Her husband the King loved to kiss those lips.
Now they would speak, and ask for assurance of what the King already knew, had told her countless of times.
"Mirror, Mirror, on the wall: Who is the Fairest of them all?
She waited, gracefully, knowing full well the answer, the same answer declared all those years before.
But the answer did not come. Instead the Mirror's reflection changed to show a young girl, a blossoming maiden, reading in the garden. The Princess. She had not known her husband the King, then the Prince, was a young widower with an infant when he had rescued her in the woods.
Her lovely lips drew back in the scowl of an animal, a ferociously beautiful animal, and she turned spitefully away from the Mirror to fetch her robe. That young girl, without the maturity and grace of a woman, be declared fairer than she the Queen!
Yet she was not entirely surprised. It had been done before, and she wondered in innocent curiosity how many times in the history of the Mirror the answer had changed.
She ran to her clothes, chose her finest gown, the one that clung to her body in the way every man desired. She ran a comb, cleansed of poison, through her dark hair, and pinned the entire waterfall up before leaving her chambers.
She been declared the Fairest before, she would be declared so again.
She summoned her huntsman.
The Fairest was hers, from the moment the Mirror had told of her. She had suffered much for the title, had experienced much. The declaration of the Fairest had given her friends, given her courage. But she had suffered much for it as well. Waking up surrounded by glass  Had any other owners of the Mirror suffered for it as she had? Because of what the Mirror had declared?
She stood in the hall as the huntsman approached her. The knife was ready.
The huntsman bowed before her, humble and ready.
He spoke, not raising his eyes to her beauty. He had recognized it before. "What is thy bidding, Queen Snow White?

<\tphyldoc>

I am so sick of being called the Wicked Queen! I am not wicked. I'm obsessive. There's a big difference. My psychological therapist says so. Anyway, you've all been deceived. You see I was set up! Framed by that backstabbing, conniving, traitor: Snow White. I took care of her when her stupid mother died. I made her pretty and likable, if I hadn't come along none of the princes would have looked her way. And look, this is how she repays me, writes this fake story just to make me look back. I knew she always hated me.

So, I am going to tell you the real story and set the record straight.
I had just settled in my third marriage and suddenly he announces he had a child. I was shocked at first but pleased to find that he had a daughter. But she really was the most ugly, fat, unbearable, unreasonable girl I had ever met. Swearing at me and playing silly practical jokes. But I am a good and fair person so I decided to give her a make over and teach her some manners.
It was hard work, I didn't know it would be so difficult but I managed. She lost weight (a lot of weight), got a nose job, plastic surgery, now wears make up everyday, actually has a fashion sense and under my tutelage became a sweet, charming, attractive girl. I was very please with my work and I thought I quite fulfilled my title as "fairest in the land.
For many months, everything was peaceful. Although Snow White was starting to get on my nerves. She was just getting to happy and sweet. Singing all the time and throwing flowers everywhere and all those stupid animals following her everywhere.
And then one day I found out that I wasn't the fairest in the land anymore. Can you believe that?! With my beauty, who could beat me? But that Snow White did, I don't know how because she's all-plastic. (By the way, I don't have a magic mirror, that's just one of her tricks to make me look stupid. You can check it out on the internet.) I was stunned, to say the least and angry. All I ever wanted to be was the fairest in the land, that's all. Is that too much to ask?
Well, the days after that were just unbearable! Do you have any idea what it's like to be constantly around some one you know looks better then you? It's terrible. I couldn't take it, so I sent a hunter to permanently silence her. Anyone would have done the same. Okay, so maybe attempted homicide was a bit extreme, but that doesn't make me evil. Does it? Besides, it was that time of the month and I was feeling very cranky. Anyhow, I was a doing a favour for all of mankind. That girl had just become too happy for her own good. I was so sick of all those blue birds flying around  my  castle leaving their ugly deposits on my  windowsill. Who do you think cleaned that up? It wasn't Snow White, I'll tell you that. I NEVER ,  NOT ONCE , made her do  any  chores. She's just like my friends stepdaughter, Cinderella, refuses to let anyone else lift a finger then turns it around to make us look bad. I'm telling you that Cinderella girl should get together with Snow White. Let them fight it out as to who gets to do the work. It's like some kind of or something.

So, Snow White wasn't dead as I had hoped, instead she was happily cleaning and cooking for dwarves. Come on, dwarves and she was still the fairest in the land. I could not believe it. Oh, I didn't attempt to dress up as a hag as she put it. I could never look bad even if I tried and I would never stoop that low, I go one of the maids to do it but she failed me too. But everything was put right nevertheless. Snow White's face started to crack but what can one expect from all that plastic surgery. She was also charged for dwarf molestation. As you can imagine no handsome young prince fell for her, as she wished and I was restored to my rightful place, "fairest in the land" incase you didn't know.
So that is the true story and as you can see, it wasn't my fault that all that happened to Snow White. She's just mad and irritated that I'm prettier then her and always will be, so she lashed out all that anger on that fake book of hers to make me look bad. I have never done anything to her, apart from the attempted homicide, which was a one off thing. Let's just keep that to our selves. But the story worked. I'm destined to go down in fairytale history as the "wicked queen." Now that you know the true story, please help me stop this ugly rumour before it gets out of hand.

Darn! I have to go, cleaning after those wretched dwarfs. I don't know why after all I did nothing as you now know, but what can one expect from a jury of playing cards.

<\tphyldoc>

Once upon a time there lived a beautiful young Princess named Snow White, my step-daughter, me, a wonderful Queen, and seven dwarfs. Every day I ask my Magic Mirror, 'Magic Mirror on the wall, who's the fairest one of all?' and every day the mirror would answer, 'You are the fairest one of all.' Well, one day I asked the mirror the same question I asked him every day, but this time he answered, 'Famed is thy beauty, majesty. Behold a lovely maid I see. Rags cannot hide her gentle grace. Alas, she is fairer than thee.' So, quite confused by his riddle, I asked him what her name was. He replied, 'Lips red as a rose. Hair black as coal. Skin white as snow.' Snow White! Oh, I was so happy for her!
As I was so delighted with Snow White's new found beauty, I sent a guard to look after her in the woods which she did wander that day. About one hour after the guard left, he came running back saying he was so sorry. I told him to calm down and to tell me what had happened. He told me that Snow White had seen him and she became startled, so she ran away. I told him that it was okay, and she'd be safe anyways. Back in the eerie woods, Snow White found a small cottage deep in the woods. She slowly stepped inside. Inside there were seven small chairs. Snow White thought maybe seven small children lived there. She wandered upstairs to see seven small beds. Each one had a hand-carved name on it. Doc, Happy, Sneezy, Dopey, Grumpy, Bashful, and Sleepy. The beds called her after her long walk through the woods so she gracefully lay down across three beds.
Later in the afternoon, seven dwarfs came into the cottage and realized their light were on! They searched the whole house when they found a huge human lying in their beds! The dwarfs were so scared their hairs jumped off their heads. Snow White wakes up from all the commotion to see seven small people looking over her. "Why who are you!?" she had exclaimed. The small men introduced themselves, but Snow White still wasn't sure if she could stay. She let them know that she could cook, clean, wash, and sew for them. They were little birds, jumping and screaming to her to stay.

Back in my castle I asked my mirror the famous question, this time the mirror replied, 'Over seven hills, beyond seven rivers, in the cottage of seven small men, dwells Snow White, fairest one of all.' I was so happy to hear that Snow White was still alive that I scurried down to my basement to make her a present. I made a potion (a wishing potion that would grant the one who consumed it one wish.) and put it in an apple. I would then give it to Snow White for her to eat.
I did not want anyone to know who I was, so I dressed as an old poor woman and headed off to the forest. As I found Snow White, I asked her if she was hungry. Snow White was, so she gladly took the apple and fell asleep singing 'Someday my prince will come'. Then, a bit confused, I wondered why Snow White fell asleep. I brushed it off thinking that she was just sleepy.
As the dwarfs skipped back from their morning walk, they discovered Snow White lying dead on the hammock outside. The dwarfs grieve their loss and put Snow White in a crystal coffin. The loved the coffin very much, as they could still admire Snow Whites beauty through the case. Snow White lay there for a full year, a whole cycle of seasons, her dark hair shining in the sun.

Meanwhile, a prince was lost in the same forest Snow White lay in. He found Snow White laying in the coffin and thinks she's so beautiful that he kisses her. That very second Snow White wakes up startled and confused, yet happy and smiles at him sweetly. Now Snow White and I always tell our parts of the true story, and I always end with, 'See! Her wish did come true!'


<\tphyldoc>


A looking glass hung on the far side of the room, small, but clear and clean. She had to bend down to look into it. What she saw sent shivers down her spine. Her skin was white too white, and her hair was a shimmering black. Her lips and cheeks were red like roses, red like blood. She was beautiful, too beautiful, and she could see the face of her stepmother reflected in her own face. She was afraid.
She turned away quickly, turning her back to the glass. She could run from her fear; she always  ran from her fear.
Her father's body lay still at last. The pain and the agony were gone, all gone, taking his life along with them. She was alone.
She sat beside him, feeling the tears running down her face. He was gone.
They'd come, her stepmother's men and they would accuse her, though they knew very well it had been her  poisons. She'd have no defense against them.

Footsteps, pounding into the ground. They were coming fast.
Search everywhere!" came the screech of her stepmother's voice.
They were pounding on the door now, the noise was racking, banging, with no end. They'd break through in no time.
She glanced at the back door. She could still make it, she could run away, never have to face her stepmother again.
She bolted. They caught her before she even reached the forest.
A knock pounded on the door. She felt her heart freeze. How long could she keep this up? First the corset, then the comb, what now?
"Apples, fresh apples!
It was her stepmother, of course. She'd recognize her voice anywhere, and besides, who else could it be? She glanced around the room. There was the window, she could get through it she tried. But did she want to go?
She wants to kill you, Snow!" Thomas shouted at her. "You have to do something! Face her, tell somebody who she really is, something!
I...I can't," she stuttered lamely.Thomas scrutinized her.

She bit her lip. She was too afraid, she wasn't brave at all, she could never face her stepmother. "I I'll run away!" she finally said. "I'll go into the forest, she won't find me! Thomas sighed. "You can't run forever, Snow. Turning your back on the world isn't going to make her go away."But she had run away. She'd run into the forest, afraid all the while, and that had brought her here, to the cottage. Fear had found her here as well. There wasn't anywhere else to go. The whole world was out there, but she'd still be found."Apples!"She glanced at the doorway. She was so afraid, but running wouldn't solve that. She walked to the door, seven steps. She put her hand on the doorknob, pulled it open. You can't run forever.She took one of the apples, held it to her lips. It was deep crimson, like blood. She closed her eyes tightly, bringing it into her lips. Time to stop running. Her lips sank into it, tasting the sweet poison, tasting the freedom.