There once was a woman who wanted so very much to have a tiny little child, but she did not know where to find one. So she went to an old witch, and she said:
"I have set my heart upon having a tiny little child. Please could you tell me where I can find one?"
"Why, that's easily done," said the witch. "Here's a grain of barley for you, but it isn't at all the sort of barley that farmers grow in their fields or that the chickens get to eat. Put it in a flower pot and you'll see what you shall see."
"Oh thank you!" the woman said. She gave the witch twelve pennies, and planted the barley seed as soon as she got home. It quickly grew into a fine large flower, which looked very much like a tulip. But the petals were folded tight, as though it were still a bud.
"This is such a pretty flower," said the woman. She kissed its lovely red and yellow petals, and just as she kissed it the flower gave a loud pop! and flew open. It was a tulip, right enough, but on the green cushion in the middle of it sat a tiny girl. She was dainty and fair to see, but she was no taller than your thumb. So she was called Thumbelina.
A nicely polished walnut shell served as her cradle. Her mattress was made of the blue petals of violets, and a rose petal was pulled up to cover her. That was how she slept at night. In the daytime she played on a table where the woman put a plate surrounded with a wreath of flowers. Their stems lay in the water, on which there floated a large tulip petal. Thumbelina used the petal as a boat, and with a pair of white horsehairs for oars she could row clear across the plate-a charming sight. She could sing, too. Her voice was the softest and sweetest that anyone ever has heard.
One night as she lay in her cradle, a horrible toad hopped in through the window-one of the panes was broken. This big, ugly, slimy toad jumped right down on the table where Thumbelina was asleep under the red rose petal.
"Here's a perfect wife for my son!" the toad exclaimed. She seized upon the walnut shell in which Thumbelina lay asleep, and hopped off with it, out the window and into the garden. A big broad stream ran through it, with a muddy marsh along its banks, and here the toad lived with her son. Ugh! he was just like his mother, slimy and horrible. "Co-ax, co-ax, brek-ek-eke-kex," was all that he could say when he saw the graceful little girl in the walnut shell.
"Don't speak so loud, or you will wake her up," the old toad told him. "She might get away from us yet, for she is as light as a puff of swan's-down. We must put her on one of the broad water lily leaves out in the stream. She is so small and light that it will be just like an island to her, and she can't run away from us while we are making our best room under the mud ready for you two to live in."
Many water lilies with broad green leaves grew in the stream, and it looked as if they were floating on the surface. The leaf which lay furthest from the bank was the largest of them all, and it was to this leaf that the old toad swam with the walnut shell which held Thumbelina.
The poor little thing woke up early next morning, and when she saw where she was she began to cry bitterly. There was water all around the big green leaf and there was no way at all for her to reach the shore. The old toad sat in the mud, decorating a room with green rushes and yellow water lilies, to have it looking its best for her new daughter-in-law. Then she and her ugly son swam out to the leaf on which Thumbelina was standing. They came for her pretty little bed, which they wanted to carry to the bridal chamber before they took her there.
The old toad curtsied deep in the water before her, and said:
"Meet my son. He is to be your husband, and you will share a delightful home in the mud."
"Co-ax, co-ax, brek-ek-eke-kex," was all that her son could say.
Then they took the pretty little bed and swam away with it. Left all alone on the green leaf, Thumbelina sat down and cried. She did not want to live in the slimy toad's house, and she didn't want to have the toad's horrible son for her husband. The little fishes who swam in the water beneath her had seen the toad and heard what she had said. So up popped their heads to have a look at the little girl. No sooner had they seen her than they felt very sorry that anyone so pretty should have to go down to live with that hideous toad. No, that should never be! They gathered around the green stem which held the leaf where she was, and gnawed it in two with their teeth. Away went the leaf down the stream, and away went Thumbelina, far away where the toad could not catch her.
Thumbelina sailed past many a place, and when the little birds in the bushes saw her they sang, "What a darling little girl." The leaf drifted further and further away with her, and so it was that Thumbelina became a traveler.
A lovely white butterfly kept fluttering around her, and at last alighted on the leaf, because he admired Thumbelina. She was a happy little girl again, now that the toad could not catch her. It was all very lovely as she floated along, and where the sun struck the water it looked like shining gold. Thumbelina undid her sash, tied one end of it to the butterfly, and made the other end fast to the leaf. It went much faster now, and Thumbelina went much faster too, for of course she was standing on it.
Just then, a big May-bug flew by and caught sight of her. Immediately he fastened his claws around her slender waist and flew with her up into a tree. Away went the green leaf down the stream, and away went the butterfly with it, for he was tied to the leaf and could not get loose.
My goodness! How frightened little Thumbelina was when the May-bug carried her up in the tree. But she was even more sorry for the nice white butterfly she had fastened to the leaf, because if he couldn't free himself he would have to starve to death. But the May-bug wasn't one to care about that. He sat her down on the largest green leaf of the tree, fed her honey from the flowers, and told her how pretty she was, considering that she didn't look the least like a May-bug. After a while, all the other May-bugs who lived in the tree came to pay them a call. As they stared at Thumbelina, the lady May-bugs threw up their feelers and said:
"Why, she has only two legs-what a miserable sight!"
"She hasn't any feelers," one cried.
"She is pinched in at the waist-how shameful! She looks like a human being-how ugly she is!" said all of the female May-bugs.
Yet Thumbelina was as pretty as ever. Even the May-bug who had flown away with her knew that, but as every last one of them kept calling her ugly, he at length came to agree with them and would have nothing to do with her-she could go wherever she chose. They flew down out of the tree with her and left her on a daisy, where she sat and cried because she was so ugly that the May-bugs wouldn't have anything to do with her.
Nevertheless, she was the loveliest little girl you can imagine, and as frail and fine as the petal of a rose.
All summer long, poor Thumbelina lived all alone in the woods. She wove herself a hammock of grass, and hung it under a big burdock leaf to keep off the rain. She took honey from the flowers for food, and drank the dew which she found on the leaves every morning. In this way the summer and fall went by. Then came the winter, the long, cold winter. All the birds who had sung so sweetly for her flew away. The trees and the flowers withered. The big burdock leaf under which she had lived shriveled up until nothing was left of it but a dry, yellow stalk. She was terribly cold, for her clothes had worn threadbare and she herself was so slender and frail. Poor Thumbelina, she would freeze to death! Snow began to fall, and every time a snowflake struck her it was as if she had been hit by a whole shovelful, for we are quite tall while she measured only an inch. She wrapped a withered leaf about her, but there was no warmth in it. She shivered with cold.
Near the edge of the woods where she now had arrived, was a large grain field, but the grain had been harvested long ago. Only the dry, bare stubble stuck out of the frozen ground. It was just as if she were lost in a vast forest, and oh how she shivered with cold! Then she came to the door of a field mouse, who had a little hole amidst the stubble. There this mouse lived, warm and cozy, with a whole store-room of grain, and a magnificent kitchen and pantry. Poor Thumbelina stood at the door, just like a beggar child, and pled for a little bit of barley, because she hadn't had anything to eat for two days past.
"Why, you poor little thing," said the field mouse, who turned out to be a kind-hearted old creature. "You must come into my warm room and share my dinner." She took such a fancy to Thumbelina that she said, "If you care to, you may stay with me all winter, but you must keep my room tidy, and tell me stories, for I am very fond of them." Thumbelina did as the kind old field mouse asked and she had a very good time of it.
"Soon we shall have a visitor," the field mouse said. "Once every week my neighbor comes to see me, and he is even better off than I am. His rooms are large, and he wears such a beautiful black velvet coat. If you could only get him for a husband you would be well taken care of, but he can't see anything. You must tell him the very best stories you know."
Thumbelina did not like this suggestion. She would not even consider the neighbor, because he was a mole. He paid them a visit in his black velvet coat. The field mouse talked about how wealthy and wise he was, and how his home was more than twenty times larger than hers. But for all of his knowledge he cared nothing at all for the sun and the flowers. He had nothing good to say for them, and had never laid eyes on them. As
Thumbelina had to sing for him, she sang, "May-bug, May-bug, fly away home," and "The Monk goes afield." The mole fell in love with her sweet voice, but he didn't say anything about it yet, for he was a most discreet fellow.
He had just dug a long tunnel through the ground from his house to theirs, and the field mouse and Thumbelina were invited to use it whenever they pleased, though he warned them not to be alarmed by the dead bird which lay in this passage. It was a complete bird, with feather and beak. It must have died quite recently, when winter set in, and it was buried right in the middle of the tunnel.
The mole took in his mouth a torch of decayed wood. In the darkness it glimmered like fire. He went ahead of them to light the way through the long, dark passage. When they came to where the dead bird lay, the mole put his broad nose to the ceiling and made a large hole through which daylight could fall. In the middle of the floor lay a dead swallow, with his lovely wings folded at his sides and his head tucked under his feathers. The poor bird must certainly have died of the cold. Thumbelina felt so sorry for him. She loved all the little birds who had sung and sweetly twittered to her all through the summer. But the mole gave the body a kick with his short stumps, and said, "Now he won't be chirping any more. What a wretched thing it is to be born a little bird. Thank goodness none of my children can be a bird, who has nothing but his 'chirp, chirp', and must starve to death when winter comes along."
"Yes, you are so right, you sensible man," the field mouse agreed. "What good is all his chirp-chirping to a bird in the winter time, when he starves and freezes? But that's considered very grand, I imagine."
Thumbelina kept silent, but when the others turned their back on the bird she bent over, smoothed aside the feathers that hid the bird's head, and kissed his closed eyes.
"Maybe it was he who sang so sweetly to me in the summertime," she thought to herself. "What pleasure he gave me, the dear, pretty bird."
The mole closed up the hole that let in the daylight, and then he took the ladies home. That night Thumbelina could not sleep a wink, so she got up and wove a fine large coverlet out of hay. She took it to the dead bird and spread it over him, so that he would lie warm in the cold earth. She tucked him in with some soft thistledown that she had found in the field mouse's room.
"Good-by, you pretty little bird," she said. "Good-by, and thank you for your sweet songs last summer, when the trees were all green and the sun shone so warmly upon us." She laid her head on his breast, and it startled her to feel a soft thump, as if something were beating inside. This was the bird's heart. He was not dead- he was only numb with cold, and now that he had been warmed he came to life again.
In the fall, all swallows fly off to warm countries, but if one of them starts too late he gets so cold that he drops down as if he were dead, and lies where he fell. And then the cold snow covers him.
Thumbelina was so frightened that she trembled, for the bird was so big, so enormous compared to her own inch of height. But she mustered her courage, tucked the cotton wool down closer around the poor bird, brought the mint leaf that covered her own bed, and spread it over the bird's head.
The following night she tiptoed out to him again. He was alive now, but so weak that he could barely open his eyes for a moment to look at Thumbelina, who stood beside him with the piece of touchwood that was her only lantern.
"Thank you, pretty little child," the sick swallow said. "I have been wonderfully warmed. Soon I shall get strong once more, and be able to fly again in the warm sunshine."
"Oh," she said, "It's cold outside, it's snowing, and freezing. You just stay in your warm bed and I'll nurse you."
Then she brought him some water in the petal of a flower. The swallow drank, and told her how he had hurt one of his wings in a thorn bush, and for that reason couldn't fly as fast as the other swallows when they flew far, far away to the warm countries. Finally he had dropped to the ground. That was all he remembered, and he had no idea how he came to be where she found him.
The swallow stayed there all through the winter, and Thumbelina was kind to him and tended him with loving care. She didn't say anything about this to the field mouse or to the mole, because they did not like the poor unfortunate swallow.
As soon as spring came and the sun warmed the earth, the swallow told Thumbelina it was time to say good-by. She reopened the hole that the mole had made in the ceiling, and the sun shone in splendor upon them. The swallow asked Thumbelina to go with him. She could sit on his back as they flew away through the green woods. But Thumbelina knew that it would make the old field mouse feel badly if she left like that, so she said:
"No, I cannot go."
"Fare you well, fare you well, my good and pretty girl," said the swallow, as he flew into the sunshine. Tears came into Thumbelina's eyes as she watched him go, for she was so fond of the poor swallow.
"Chirp, chirp!" sang the bird, at he flew into the green woods.
Thumbelina felt very downcast. She was not permitted to go out in the warm sunshine. Moreover, the grain that was sown in the field above the field mouse's house grew so tall that, to a poor little girl who was only an inch high, it was like a dense forest.
"You must work on your trousseau this summer," the field mouse said, for their neighbor, that loathsome mole in his black velvet coat, had proposed to her. "You must have both woolens and linens, both bedding and wardrobe, when you become the mole's wife."
Thumbelina had to turn the spindle, and the field mouse hired four spiders to spin and weave for her day and night. The mole came to call every evening, and his favorite remark was that the sun, which now baked the earth as hard as a rock, would not be nearly so hot when summer was over. Yes, as soon as summer was past he would be marrying Thumbelina. But she was not at all happy about it, because she didn't like the tedious mole the least bit. Every morning at sunrise and every evening at sunset, she would steal out the door. When the breeze blew the ears of grain apart she could catch glimpses of the blue sky. She could dream about how bright and fair it was out of doors, and how she wished she would see her dear swallow again. But he did not come back, for doubtless he was far away, flying about in the lovely green woods.
When fall arrived, Thumbelina's whole trousseau was ready.
"Your wedding day is four weeks off," the field mouse told her. But Thumbelina cried and declared that she would not have the tedious mole for a husband.
"Fiddlesticks," said the field mouse. "Don't you be obstinate, or I'll bite you with my white teeth. Why, you're getting a superb husband. The queen herself hasn't a black velvet coat as fine as his. Both his kitchen and his cellar are well supplied. You ought to thank goodness that you are getting him."
Then came the wedding day. The mole had come to take Thumbelina home with him, where she would have to live deep underground and never go out in the warm sunshine again, because he disliked it so. The poor little girl felt very sad that she had to say good-by to the glorious sun, which the field mouse had at least let her look out at through the doorway.
"Farewell, bright sun!" she said. With her arm stretched toward it she walked a little way from the field mouse's home. The grain had been harvested, and only the dry stubble was left in the field. "Farewell. farewell!" she cried again, and flung her little arms around a small red flower that was still in bloom. "If you see my dear swallow, please give him my love."
"Chirp, chirp! Chirp, chirp!" She suddenly heard a twittering over her head. She looked up and there was the swallow, just passing by. He was so glad to see Thumbelina although, when she told him how she hated to marry the mole and live deep underground where the sun never shone, she could not hold back her tears.
"Now that the cold winter is coming," the swallow told her, "I shall fly far, far away to the warm countries. Won't you come along with me? You can ride on my back. Just tie yourself on with your sash, and away we'll fly, far from the ugly mole and his dark hole-far, far away, over the mountains to the warm countries where the sun shines so much fairer than here, to where it is always summer and there are always flowers. Please fly away with me, dear little Thumbelina, you who saved my life when I lay frozen in a dark hole in the earth."
"Yes, I will go with you!" said Thumbelina. She sat on his back, put her feet on his outstretched wings, and fastened her sash to one of his strongest feathers. Then the swallow soared into the air over forests and over lakes, high up over the great mountains that are always capped with snow. When Thumbelina felt cold in the chill air, she crept under the bird's warm feathers, with only her little head stuck out to watch all the wonderful sights below.
At length they came to the warm countries. There the sun shone far more brightly than it ever does here, and the sky seemed twice as high. Along the ditches and hedgerows grew marvelous green and blue grapes. Lemons and oranges hung in the woods. The air smelled sweetly of myrtle and thyme. By the wayside, the loveliest children ran hither and thither, playing with the brightly colored butterflies.
But the swallow flew on still farther, and it became more and more beautiful. Under magnificent green trees, on the shore of a blue lake there stood an ancient palace of dazzling white marble. The lofty pillars were wreathed with vines, and at the top of them many swallows had made their nests. One nest belonged to the swallow who carried Thumbelina.
"This is my home," the swallow told her. "If you will choose one of those glorious flowers in bloom down below, I shall place you in it, and you will have all that your heart desires."
"That will be lovely," she cried, and clapped her tiny hands.
A great white marble pillar had fallen to the ground, where it lay in three broken pieces. Between these pieces grew the loveliest large white flowers. The swallow flew down with Thumbelina and put her on one of the large petals. How surprised she was to find in the center of the flower a little man, as shining and transparent as if he had been made of glass. On his head was the daintiest of little gold crowns, on his shoulders were the brightest shining wings, and he was not a bit bigger than Thumbelina. He was the spirit of the flower. In every flower there lived a small man or woman just like him, but he was the king over all of them.
"Oh, isn't he handsome?" Thumbelina said softly to the swallow. The king was somewhat afraid of the swallow, which seemed a very giant of a bird to anyone as small as he. But when he saw Thumbelina he rejoiced, for she was the prettiest little girl he had ever laid eyes on. So he took off his golden crown and put it on her head. He asked if he might know her name, and he asked her to be his wife, which would make her queen over all the flowers. Here indeed was a different sort of husband from the toad's son and the mole with his black velvet coat. So she said "Yes" to this charming king. From all the flowers trooped little ladies and gentlemen delightful to behold. Every one of them brought Thumbelina a present, but the best gift of all was a pair of wings that had belonged to a large silver fly. When these were made fast to her back, she too could flit from flower to flower. Everyone rejoiced, as the swallow perched above them in his nest and sang his very best songs for them. He was sad though, deep down in his heart, for he liked Thumbelina so much that he wanted never to part with her.
"You shall no longer be called Thumbelina," the flower spirit told her. " That name is too ugly for anyone as pretty as you are. We shall call you Maia."
"Good-by, good-by," said the swallow. He flew away again from the warm countries, back to far-away Denmark, where he had a little nest over the window of the man who can tell you fairy tales. To him the bird sang, "Chirp, chirp! Chirp, chirp!" and that's how we heard the whole story.

<\tphyldoc>

During the peaceful period of the magical medieval times, there lived a gentle, sweet swallow, noble messenger of the king of the flower spirits. He went by the name of Strifefeather. Living in the beautiful place of the Field of Flowers, this blue-tailed fellow flew to kingdoms far and wide, delivering his Majesty's royal messages. Strifefeather had been given a high rank, and was ultimately trusted by the king. Which is why, one winter day, Strifefeather was assigned a dangerous task…
I shuddered as I flew towards the Land of Snow. His majesty, King Chamberlain, had just sent me off to deliver a very vital piece of information to give to our allies in the North. It was my job to make sure that word got out to the Snow King. As friendships between kingdoms were pretty hostile right now, I was sure that our enemies from the Realm of Fire would send phoenixes to hunt me down. As I soared higher and higher into the clouds, I kept on sneaking glances behind me, convinced that something was following my tail feathers. However, nothing was there, and as a brave subject of the Field of Flowers, I shrugged off my fears. After all, I, Strifefeather, would not flee from any mission.
To reach the Land of Snow, I knew that I had to first leave the boundary of my kingdom, and then fly past the Land of the Dead. My bright red head shook with nervousness, as I knew that it was going to be a nightmare. All of the elders say that if anybody utters a single sound in its eerie silence, they are as good as dead. After that, if I manage to pass the boundary alive, then would I have to travel a few hours' trip overhead the vast Mythical Forest, which they say is quite peaceful, except for the occasional rampaging of wild beasts. Beyond the Mythical Forest, lies the Kingdom of Grass, a quiet place where all the little critters, such as mice, make their homes. Finally, after passing over the Kingdom of Grass, there is the Land of Snow. It will take several days to reach the Snow King's icy palace.
As I traced the route frantically in my head, aware the Land of the Dead was rapidly approaching me, I heard a shriek. Whipping around, I expected to see a whole flock of phoenixes flashing towards me. Thankfully, what I saw was a little less threatening: ravens. A whole bunch of huge, mangy birds came zooming at me. I was petrified. Mentally scolding myself, I reminded my forgetful brain that ravens ruled over the Land of the Dead, so of course they'd want to chase me out before I entered their territory. Well, bad luck for me, I thought. I'd better put on speed so that I can leave them in the dust. With that thought in mind, I flapped my wings faster, knowing full well that a raven's speed was no match for my swallow speed. Within moments, I had entered enemy territory and was almost flying at the speed of sound, aiming at nothing but to get out of the wretched silence hanging over me like a fly caught in a spider's web. In the distance, I heard the cawing of ravens craving for my blood. Lucky for them, they were the only creatures who wouldn't fall dead if they made a sound. Afraid that the ravens would catch up, I didn't stop, although I was completely exhausted, due to my burst of energy. At last, I managed to drop safely in a tree just outside the Land of the Dead; I had entered the Mythical Forest.
The Mythical Forest was a very green place to be. All around me, I saw trees, trees, and more trees. All of the trees were still green even though it was the middle of winter. I took a little break, taking my time to find some tasty bugs to satisfy my hunger pang. Suddenly, I sensed an evil presence behind me. Whirling around, I spotted my worst enemy: phoenixes. They were flaring with fire; no doubt they were sent by the Realm of Fire to try and disrupt my journey. They must have found out from the Realm's crystal balls that allow them to survey everything within a thousand mile radius. With a horrified cry, I soared into the air again, attempting to lose the phoenixes with complicated weaves in the sky, remembering my training as a hatchling. Unfortunately, my training didn't work, as the humongous birds didn't even slow down. I tried to streak away, just as I had when the ravens were tailing me. "Oh, no," I muttered. "I'm still weak from my outburst a while back. I haven't got the strength to out-fly them." So, I instead kept flying at a steady pace, placing my life in the talons of destiny. If it was my fate that I would be killed on this mission, then so be it.
Fighting hard not to panic was no easy task. The phoenixes were closing the distance fast. I could feel their flames scorching the back of my sore neck. The next thing I knew, they were on me. Thorn sharp talons scraped at my spine as the first fire bird attacked. I would have probably been shredded to bits if I hadn't dodged the second strike. Screeching an alarmed cry, I shot away from my attackers, ignoring the pain and exhaustion that was harboring me. The phoenixes followed in pursuit. A jolt of fear sprang through my pain-racked, small body. Relax, I thought to myself. You'll be entering the Kingdom of Grass very soon. The little creatures there will take care of you. Sure enough, I saw the last line of green trees just beyond a small stream. Feeling encouraged by the sight, I glanced back to check in on my enemies. What a big mistake. The birds of fire took advantage of that tiny distraction, and quickly formed a formation to cut me off from my route. With a caw, I flashed this way and that, desperately trying to reach the Kingdom of Grass. Just as I crossed the border overlooking the two territories, the leader of the flock of phoenixes crashed into my wing. Blood began to flow. The blow was enough to send my weakened state plummeting into the grass below. The last few sensations I felt was my wing burning, and landing with a thud in darkness.
When I finally came to, I opened my eyes to the blurry image of a petit but beautiful girl. She was about half the size of my body, with long, wavy golden hair. The girl had an elfish face, with soft features; when she smiled, the whole world seemed to light up. I tried to move, but the mysterious girl shook her head, smiled gently, and started to sing. Ahh, what a melodic voice! Her voice slowly lulled me back to sleep, soft and sweet. It sort of reminds me of home, I thought drowsily, as I drifted off.
I woke up with a start, feeling terror spreading through my chest. My dreams had taken me back to that horrible moment, where the leader phoenix had sent me crashing down to earth. Out of nowhere, I noticed that the peculiar girl from before had appeared by my side, carrying a bunch of herbs. "Oh, you're awake?" she whispered. "I'm relieved. Now I know that you're feeling better, little swallow," she murmured, stroking my blue feathers that were covered with grit. "So how was your sleep?"
"It was fine," I managed to say. "Just, who… where…" I stuttered, unable to continue.
"My name is Thumbelina," the girl answered. "I was kidnapped from my home and brought to be a wife of an ugly toad, but I escaped and ended up here-in the Kingdom of Grass. As for where you are," she continued, "you are in an underground tunnel made by a wealthy old mole. I discovered you here about a few weeks ago. I saw that you had injured your wing, so I decided to secretly take care of you-although I'm not supposed to."
I twisted my head to attempt to get a good look at my wing, but the pain of doing so made me wince. Giving up, I lay my head down on the dusty ground again. "Well, since you've rescued me, and filled me in on who you are," I told Thumbelina, "you might as well know my story. My name is Strifefeather, and I'm a messenger of King Chamberlain of the Field of Flowers. I was given a mission to pass on a piece of information to our allies in the Land of Snow, but on the way, I was attacked by a flock of phoenixes-fire birds," I explained, noticing that Thumbelina was a bit confused. When she nodded, I went on. "Their leader crashed into my wing, and I remember falling down here. After that, I'm not sure what happened. I guess I blacked out."
Thumbelina patted my feathers sympathetically. "That's tough," she murmured. "I'm really glad I found you, Strifefeather." Hearing her utter my name for the first time sent shivers up my spine. "You would have died for sure if you hadn't received any medical help."
I dipped my head gratefully. She was right. Without Thumbelina, I wouldn't be alive right now, and I wouldn't be able to deliver the message on to the Snow King. Glancing up, I looked at Thumbelina. "Well, thanks for your help," I chirped. "Now, I should really get going on my mission." However, Thumbelina put her tiny hand in front of me before I could get up.
"Strifefeather, you shouldn't go yet," she warned. "It's only two weeks before the end of winter, so I think you should stay here for a while. After all, you're not going anywhere with that injured wing," she added, noticing the expression on my face."
"All right, all right," I relented. "I'll remain here for the next two weeks until I fully recover. When the time comes, however, you can't stop me from going, Thumbelina."
Thumbelina looked shocked. "Of course I won't!" she exclaimed. Lowering her voice, she added unhappily: "I couldn't anyway, even if I wanted to, because I am engaged to that grump old mole. He'd never let me off for taking care of you and then keeping you here."
"Then why don't you leave?"
Thumbelina looked at me with sadness in her eyes. "The field mouse who is taking care of me took me in when I had nowhere to go. I can't just leave her."
Her words touched my heart. Well, that just shows how kind and loyal Thumbelina is. "Well then," I finally chirped. "I suppose you're right, if you put it that way. So let's just enjoy these last two weeks together." Thumbelina smiled as she looked up with tears in her eyes.
The next two weeks passed by fairly quickly. Thumbelina and I spent many fine hours talking and singing while she helped me regain use of my wing. At last, the weeks were over, and the season had crossed into spring. Thumbelina came outside with me to watch me depart from the Kingdom of Grass. "Good luck", she whispered, stroking my head one final time. "I wish you well. Be sure to complete your journey!"
"Don't worry, I certainly will!" I whistled. "Are you sure you don't want to come with me, Thumbelina?"
She shook her head wistfully. "I cannot leave the field mouse," she replied softly. "The most I can do is keep my promise to her and marry the mole."
"Very well," I said, acknowledging her words. "Thank-you again for rescuing me, Thumbelina. Maybe we can meet again someday."
"Maybe," she agreed. I called my farewells to her as I soared off into the air, relishing the feel of wind against my tail feathers. In no time at all, I had safely crossed the border into the Land of Snow, and in a few freezing days, reached the Snow King's palace. I successfully delivered my message from King Chamberlain, and flew onward towards my home. As I passed over the area where Thumbelina lived, I wondered if she was married yet. Out of curiosity, I decided to take a look. Landing on the cushiony ground, I spotted Thumbelina just by a blossoming flower, her face teary. With a chirp of excitement, I skimmed over the grass, gliding over to where she was. When I reached her, her eyes lit up with uncontainable joy. Wrapping her arms around my neck, she cried tears of relief. "Oh, Strifefeather," she sobbed. "I missed you so much! Tomorrow, it's my wedding, and I really don't want to marry the old mole!"
"Fly away with me, Thumbelina," I urged her. "Fly away with me to the Field of Flowers, where there are no pitch-black tunnels, and you can see the sun and flowers all day!"
Thumbelina gazed up at me with hope in her eyes. "Really?" she whispered her voice barely audible.
"Really," I promised." With that, Thumbelina climbed onto my back and together, we streaked towards the Field of Flowers without looking back. Lucky for us, the whole way, there were no enemies or obstacles to overcome. In a day, we had made it back to my home with all the breezy flower spirits bustling around. "Which flower do you want to land on?" I questioned. Thumbelina immediately pointed to a striking purple tulip.
"That one," she replied without hesitation.
"Good choice," I chirped approvingly. "You are really going to be surprised at who your new neighbor is."
"Who?" Thumbelina asked eagerly, clinging on to my neck feathers. We landed on the purple tulip as the regal blue buttercup opened slowly beside it. I slid Thumbelina gently off my back and looked respectfully at the figure emerging from the shadows.
"Presenting to you… the one and only… Prince of the Field of Flowers!" I boomed in my best messenger voice. The Prince fully stepped into the light and he and Thumbelina gazed at each other, as they instantly fell in love. After a long moment, the Prince did something surprising. Only a few moments of gazing at each other had passed before he approached the girl who had saved my life and softly proposed a question:
"Will you become my princess?"
Thumbelina's eyes glowed as she replied: "Yes, I will." Then as if one, all of the citizens of my land began to cheer and stomp, surrounding the new couple who were shyly holding hands. Thumbelina glanced my way and mouthed: Thank-you. I dipped my head to her and my heart glowed with happiness at the sight of the enthusiastic crowd. Turning away after a couple of moments, I took off towards King Chamberlain's palace. There, he congratulated me on completing my mission and giving his son a wife. The King then promoted me to a higher rank, much to my joy. Now, I fly around as the King's personal assistant, and spreading this story to anyone depressed I come across. As for Thumbelina? Well, she is living a life of luxury and royalty by the Prince's side. I see her often, when I zip around the palace aiding out King Chamberlain with his many orders. Overall, we are all doing extremely well, and this was my experience of a lifetime.

<\tphyldoc>

Once upon a time there lived a young golden-haired girl named Thumbelina. She lived with her evil step-mother, who made her scrub the floors and wash the laundry and re-shingle the roof. The old woman worked Thumbelina to the bone. The girl, who thoroughly detested her guardian, plotted new ways to escape every day. Of course, these plans were simply daydreams, a way for Thumbelina to bare her daily punishments. She had no real means of putting the impossible operations into action because her step-mother locked all the doors, and the windows were too small to fit through.
One day, as Thumbelina dusted the cupboards yet again, she noticed a small clear bottle seated on the round table by the book shelf. Curious, she set down her duster and went over to the table. Picking up the bottle, she examined the clear liquid inside, and peered at the note attached to the exterior. "Drink me," she read aloud. Shrugging, the girl held the glass to her lips and tipped the contents into her mouth.
As the surprisingly cool substance trickled down her throat, Thumbelina felt something rather odd happening to her. The room appeared to be expanding, stretching up and away from her. She looked down at her hands to see that they still looked relatively normal sized compared to the rest of her. And yet the room continued to grow until finally all Thumbelina could see was the no-longer-small table looming over her. She was no larger than her wicked step-mother's shriveled thumb.
How odd, thought Thumbelina as she backed up to the middle of the floor. Peering up at the window above the table, inspiration hit her hard. She blinked several times in surprise, a plan forming in her mind. The window, normally no larger than her two hands, was now sized like a regular doorframe. It would be quite easy to slip out in her current state! But how would she climb up to it?
Thumbelina went over to her step-mother's store of gardening supplies. Having no friends, the old woman likes to spend her time gardening and had collected many sorts of seeds. Searching the labeled sacs, Thumbelina found the one she needed. Extracting the bag would be impossible, as it was now twice her size. Instead, the little girl hoisted her skirts and began to climb up the side of it. Grasping the string that held it closed, Thumbelina yanked with all her might. The bag opened with a swish, spilling the seeds inside onto the floor.
They were rather large, almost as big as the girl. And they weren't really seeds – more of a been-like thing. Thumbelina grabbed a bean and made her way over to the nearest pot. She pushed the pot across the floor until it was beside the table. Then she threw the bean up into the pot, hearing the soft thud as it landed on the dirt inside. Thumbelina climbed the side of the container, dug a hole in the soil, pushed the bean inside, and covered it.
Jumping back out of the pot, the girl went to the bucket of water used to replenish the plants. Quite obviously the pail was oversized compared to Thumbelina in her tiny state, so she found a thimble and filled it instead. Racing back to her planted been, Thumbelina dumped the water into the pot and waited.
The pot began to quiver. Suddenly, a green vine shot out of the soil and climbed up, up up. Thumbelina watched as it grew higher and higher. Finally, the plant stopped, its top-most leaf just brushing the ceiling.
Thumbelina looked up at the beanstalk and smiled at her own brilliance. Hopping over the top of the pot, she gripped the green vine and began to climb. Soon she was so high that she could see the top of the table underneath her. Climbing higher still, Thumbelina only stopped when she was level with the window ledge. Swinging around, she braced herself and jumped down onto the stone surface.
The view was incredible. The world was so big (even more so now, for obvious reasons). Beyond her step-mother's garden the forest seemed to stretch on forever, only ending where the trees met the mountains, far off in the distance. They sky, as blue as Thumbelina's own eyes, was empty but for a few fluffy white clouds. It was beautiful.
Enjoying the scenery, Thumbelina was caught off guard as the wind suddenly picked up. It pulled at her dress and hair, threatening to take her away into the sky. Grappling to get a hold on something, she accidentally stepped off of the ledge. She fell backwards from the window, skirts billowing about behind her.
It seemed a very long fall, for she was only the size of a toothpick. But as Thumbelina prepared to hit the ground, most likely shattering into a thousand pieces, something squishy and a bit slimy caught her. Opening her eyes (which had been shut tightly), the girl saw that the something that had stopped her from crashing to the ground was a frog.
"Thank you," Thumbelina gasped as the frog set her on the ground. "You saved my life."
"Of course I did," the frog replied, lifting his chin.
To thank the frog, Thumbelina leaned forward and kissed him. Suddenly the amphibian glowed with pale shimmering light, and before her very eyes he transformed into a boy wearing a crown.
"Why, you're a prince!" cried Thumbelina.
"Of course I am," said the prince. "My name is Prince Harold."
He was a very handsome prince, if a little arrogant. But he's just saved my life, Thumbelina amended. He'll be feeling proud of himself.
Prince Harold took Thumbelina's hand. "Would you come and live with me in my castle?" he asked, eyes shining. "You are very beautiful."
Blushing, Thumbelina smiled. "Yes, Sire. That would be wonderful."
The girl and the frog went back to the castle, where Thumbelina spent many hours listening to the prince talk about himself, and how wonderful he was. After a week, Thumbelina grew tired of Prince Harold's ramblings, and interrupted him one evening as he was once again suggesting that he was the bravest and strongest prince in all the land.
"Prince Harold," the girl started. The prince looked shocked that she would dare talk over him. "Why don't you ask about me?"
Prince Harold stared at her in confusion, so Thumbelina clarified. "Why don't you ask about my interests, and my hobbies, and what I like? Don't you want to know how I feel?"
The prince laughed. "Of course I don't. Why would I want to know any of that?" he asked. "You are beautiful enough to be my princess. Nothing else matters."
Heartbroken, Thumbelina left the table and went to her chambers in the highest room of the tallest tower.
I can't stay where I'm not appreciated, she decided. Making a split-second decision, the girl went to her bed and unmade it. Pulling the sheets apart, she went to work tying all of the ends together, until finally she had a long rope of blankets. She tied one end to a bedpost and threw the other out the window. Ensuring that the make-shift rope was long enough, Thumbelina took a deep breath and stepped out onto her window-ledge. Grasping the sheets tightly, she started to make her way down the wall of the tower.
After a slow ten minutes of lowering herself to the ground, at last the girl felt her feet touch the soft earth. She let go of the blankets with a sigh of relief. Gazing around, Thumbelina finally stopped to think about her escape plan. How would she get away from the castle? Thinking hard for a few moments, the answer came to her. She raced to the prince's garage, where he kept his most prized (and fastest) vehicles. Quietly she sneaked inside, not wanting anyone – especially Prince Harold – to discover her.
In the line of get-away possibilities there were wagons and carriages of all sorts, and even a small wooden boat. Thumbelina made her choice; in the very front of the garage sat a bright red Ferrari, fueled up and ready to go. Without another moment's pause Thumbelina jumped into the car and started the engine. A few minutes later the girl was racing through the forest, her long golden hair streaming out behind her.
Thumbelina drove for a good two hours before she had to admit to herself that it was getting dark. I need to find a place to stay for the night, she alleged.
Almost as soon as she thought it, a small cottage came into view through a break in the trees. Thumbelina slowed the car, nearing it. It looked like a gingerbread house of sorts, with its frosting-white roofing and gumdrop-covered garden. The walls appeared to be made of graham crackers, and the large tree residing beside the cottage looked suspiciously like an ice cream cone.
Thumbelina thought it was wonderful.
She pulled up beside the house, climbed out of the car, walked up the cookie-dough pathway, and knocked on the door.
"Come in," called a feeble voice almost immediately. Thumbelina opened the door and stepped inside, trying to wipe the sticky dough from her shoes. It was gloomy inside, not at all as cheerful as the scrumptious exterior. As the girl struggled to see through the darkness, a figure came to great her.
"Hello, dear," it said in a scratchy voice. "Come to visit a poor old mouse, alone in her cottage?"
"Yes, grandmother mouse," Thumbelina said. "I was looking for a place to stay for the night, and I -" She broke off as she saw the mouse clearly for the first time. Eyes having adjusted to the murkiness, the girl noticed that the mouse's ears were much pointier than usual.
"Why, what pointy ears you have," she told the mouse.
"All the better to hear you with, deary." The mouse replied.
Thumbelina looked at the mouse's tail and saw that, instead of being long and thin, it was fluffy and brush-like.
"What a thick tail you have," the girl exclaimed.
"All the better to…er, swish…with. My dear," the mouse added.
Thumbelina saw gleaming white fangs poking out of the mouse's snout.
"What large teeth you have!" exclaimed Thumbelina, not at all sure that this was a real mouse.
"All the better to EAT YOU WITH!" cried the animal. Leaping for Thumbelina, the mouse that wasn't a mouse made to chomp down on the girl's head. Luckily, having lived with her abusive step-mother for so long, Thumbelina was used to ducking blows. Quickly stepping aside, she turned on the spot and ran out of the cottage, back to her car. The front yard was illuminated as the headlights came to life. Thumbelina saw the not-mouse, who had run after her, clearly for the first time. It wasn't a small woodland rodent at all. Instead, it was a hungry wolf who had fitted himself into a mouse costume and taken over the gingerbread house.
Thumbelina drove far and fast. She didn't stop driving until she almost ran into a tree in the darkness. She was lost and lonely, with nowhere to go, driving aimlessly in the black of night. Giving in, she pulled over and wept herself to sleep.
She awoke to the sound of flapping wings. Opening her eyes, she yelped as her car was suddenly shaken and pulled off of the ground. A large winged creature had grabbed hold of the Ferrari and lifted off.
"Oi!" called the little girl, who had never been a morning person. "Put me down!"
The bird squawked at her. It was a rather ugly bird, with big bulging eyes and grimy feathers. Its talons were grubby, and if Thumbelina had been concern about things like keeping cars clean she would have shivered with reproach.
"I said," Thumbelina growled, angry that the bird was ignoring her demands, "put me down. Now," she added for good measure.
Squawking again, the bird seemed to shrug. Then it did as she bid; she was much too noisy to carry all the way back to its nest. Unclenching its claws, it dropped her.
Thumbelina had forgotten that the bird had been flying. Unfortunately, that meant that she was now free-falling into the open sky, at least one hundred feet from the ground. Thumbelina screamed for help as she was pulled from her car, which fell much faster than then the tiny girl. Completely hopeless at the thought of rescue, Thumbelina gasped in surprise as her decent abruptly slowed. Feeling strong arms around her, she stared in amazement as she stopped altogether, hovering in the sky.
The girl looked up into the face of her savior; a handsome boy with sleek brown hair and sparkling eyes. A smile danced upon his lips as he looked at her.
"I'll bring you back to the ground," he told her.
And he did just that. When they landed on the forest floor the boy set her on the ground. Thumbelina, a bit dazed, curtsied to him.
"You saved my life," she told him, a strong sense of déjà-vu coming over her.
The boy smiled and bowed to her. Thumbelina gaped; the boy had wings. "Ah, well," he began, but didn't go on. Instead, he bowed again and said, "I am the Fairy Prince of this land. May I ask your name?"
"Thumbelina," the girl said, thinking that this was getting off to a good start. At least this prince asked about her.
The Fairy Prince smiled. "Would you come with me back to the palace and be my wife? It's wonderfully beautiful there, especially when the flowers are in bloom." He lifted an eyebrow. "I could make you into a fairy, so you could save yourself."
Thumbelina liked the thought of having a pretty set of wings on her back. She also admitted that not being so helpless would make her a lot more confident. But she didn't want another incident like with Prince Harold.
Finally she came to a decision.
"Alright," she told the hopeful-looking prince. "I'll come with you, and let you turn me into a fairy. But," she added cautiously. "We should get to know each other before we marry. How about we go on a date?"
The Fairy Prince looked shocked for a second. Then he laughed. "Alright, Thumbelina," he said. "Would you like to go on a date with me?"
"Yes, I'd like that very much," she replied, grinning.
Thumbelina and the Fairy Prince returned to the Fairy Kingdom hidden in the center of the forest, where the girl received her wings and saw the flowers in bloom. They held a strong relationship for two years until finally the prince popped the question. It was a lovely wedding, and all of the fairy-folk were invited. Thumbelina became queen, and never had to re-shingle another roof in her life.
And they all lived happily ever after. Well, except for Thumbelina's step-mother, who ate a piece of cake that made her grow to the size of a giant was therefore shot down by the Huntsmen; Prince Harold never found anybody who could put up with his insufferable gloating, and as a result lived his life alone and rejected; the wolf that had disguised himself as a mouse was eaten by a highly confused cat; and the ugly bird tried to eat the Ferrari and choked to death.
But other than that, they all lived happily ever after.

<\tphyldoc>


The full moon moved across the sky, making the shadows strange, at once softer and harder, bolder and shyer than the normal shadows of daytime. Things move deep in those shadows. Malicious or benign, can anyone tell? It is on nights like this that the Wubbles come out to play. Softly, they step out from their flower homes carrying armfuls of seeds, used to grow more Wubbles to dance in the enchanted, moonlit glade. They need no music but the stars and the rhythmic tramping of their own bare feet. The trees encircle the shady dale, allowing entrance to none but the whispering wind.
The Wubbles are tiny, no larger in size than a bumblebee. They live as light, shaped in form like little men and women, only brighter. They seem ageless, their hair untouched by frost and their faces unlined. Their faces are slender but not perfect. Their only beauty is the hope that dwells within. Tears should fall but rarely. Their only grief comes when they cease to change and grow. They scatter the invisible seeds of Elenil in the wind and water them until they grow.
For years they dwelt in their tiny grove, scattering seeds and dancing and each year, living a little less. Their whole lives were wrapped up in the growing of the flowers. The forgot the world around them and withdrew into the glade, allowing none to leave and forgetting the hope they bore.
One perfect night, in the very center of the glade there sprouted one tiny, pure, white flower. The Wubbles were very curious to see who it contained. They had flowers of red and blue, orange and yellow, purple and occasionally black, but never white. Even the oldest Wubble, Tiffie, could not remember a single white flower. It was smaller than the rest of the flowers but there was no doubt that it was Elenil and that it carried a Wubble.
The time came for the flower to bloom and then the time passed. Many of the Wubbles were relieved. It appeared the flower was Wubbleless and they had been afraid of the Wubble that would be born. The flower was so perfect, that Wubble would probably be perfect too. They did not want a perfect one who would shame them and perhaps prove to be a catalyst for change. They had slowly stopped changing and they were afraid of what would happen if they were forced to begin to grow once more.
Finally, the night of the full moon came again. One single, milky ray of moonlight tricked through the leaves and illuminated the little flower. As the bloom began to open, a pure, melodious sound began to rise. The Wubbles stood, entranced. When the blossom fully opened, there appeared the smallest, most perfect Wubble any of them had ever seen. She had long, soft, black hair and huge eyes, green as grass. The sound poured unchecked from her open mouth.
Wubbles are not born as human babies are. They are awakened in the flower at the moment of blooming with a clear understanding of life and their own purpose. No one names a Wubble, they are born with it in the same way they are born with a voice. No one knows where their purpose and their name come from, for they remember nothing before they are awakened.
Tiffie walked toward the newly awakened Wubble. "What is it?" She asked. "What is that sound?"
"It is music. I have learned to sing." The newest Wubble said in a pretty, little, clear voice. "My name is Elenlinde, Star Song." Tiffie smiled, knowing she was the one she had been waiting for to shock the Wubbles from their lives of increasing complacency.
"How do you know she is a real Wubble?" A strident voice echoed from the crowd, breaking the spell her song had laid upon their hearts. Another of the older Wubbles stepped forward. He had grown dark. He had not been changing and as a result, the light that should have been in his face was conspicuously absent. Their was an ugliness there that should never be present in the face of any Wubble. His cheeks were stained by the tears he shed as he danced alone. "Her flower was white. She comes to us with a name that has a meaning. None of our names have meanings. Then she sings us a song that draws us in and makes us forget how to breathe. She bewitches us. She is dangerous and cannot stay here in the grove."
"She could be the one," Tiffie cried. "She could be the one who can defeat hopelessness and desolation. We must not send her away. We would die."
"We are neither hopeless nor desolate. There is nothing she can do but place a standard of perfection that none of us can meet." Another voice called from the crowd. She was the most forlorn Wubble of all. Her face was white as salt. No light gleamed anywhere, not even from her eyes which had grown too hard even to cry.
"We are in danger of becoming stagnant; none of us have grown to pixie size for many moons. Many flowers were born Wubbleless this moon. We have stopped learning and we have stopped growing. We have almost stopped living. Elenlinde needs to teach us the song of the stars, else we cease to be." Tiffie spoke passionately, but it did no good. She was too late to change the minds of the Wubbles. Their fear was now much greater than their desire to change and live. Elenlinde was sent from the grove without a qualm.
It was raining outside, but not the soft, warm rain that watered the grove. It was cold and the wind whipped the chill deep inside Elenlinde's bones. It howled with a voice that was akin to her own, but horrible and much larger than anything she could ever imagine. The wind was altogether too much for her to fight against and she was swept far away from all she had ever known. A Wubble is not meant to exist outside the grove. Elenlinde felt a fading of soul that was not meant to be a part of the Wubble's experience. It was a sorrow beyond the expression of tears. And so the wind carried her away.
When morning came, the wind stopped. Elenlinde was lying next to a small feed trough. She could not even sense the grove anymore. She was irrevocably alone. She heard a sound from above her. She looked up and there was the rather large face of a young man floating above her. He had fiery red hair and his eyes were as blue as the dawn.
"What have we here? You are too small to be a pixie. You can't be a Farie, you have no wings. What are you little one?" A voice boomed. Elenlinde winced at the sheer volume of it. The young man lowered his voice and asked again.
"I am a Wubble." Although her voice was small, it was clear and bell-like. The young man could hear her perfectly.
"Come in. I would like my mother to meet you," he said. Elenlinde looked in dismay across the large barnyard. She had been through much and the yard was larger than the little vale she had come from. The young man noticed her consternation and, without asking, picked her up. She was no larger than his thumb.
He carried her through the doorway to his home and into a dark, oppressive room. Elenlinde smelt something she had never smelt before. Instinctively she knew what it was. It was the smell of lost hope and shattered dreams, the smell of love gone and death waiting.
There was a cold, gloomy bed in the corner. The woman in it was old. She was not dead, yet Death stood beside her, his hand on her shoulder, ready to take her away. Elenlinde felt herself fading again from the hopelessness that stood behind those aged eyes.
"What have you got there, Mirlynn?" An old voice quavered.
"This is a Wubble, mother. I found it by the feed trough." Mirlynn said softly. "You may speak to her. She will understand you."
"What is your name little one?" she asked. "Fenuilas I was, long, long ago. Now I am only old, only mother for the rest of my life."
"I am Elenlinde."
"Star Song," Mother laughed. "I knew that song long ago. When I was Fenuilas, I sang and danced in the meadows long into the night. I was young and happy. Those days are over now for me."
"They are not over. I will sing the song for you. You will join in and once again, you will be Fenuilas." Elenlinde sang a song full of unspoken words. The room brightened, the hearth fire crackled along merrily to itself, a bird sang from the window ledge and Death went outside the door because he could not stand the cheery atmosphere. Mirlynn smiled for the first time since Elenlinde


<\tphyldoc>

Once there was a tiny girl. She was sweet and pretty and no taller than your thumb, so Thumbelina was her name.
Every night she slept in a bed made from a walnut shell, with a violet-petal mattress and a rose-leaf coverlet. Every day Thumbelina played in a small garden, where she rowed her tulip petal boat from side to side on a tiny lake.
She made a most charming sight, and as she went along in her boat, she sang in the sweetest little voice you ever heard.
One night as Thumbelina lay sleeping in her pretty bed, a great slippery bullfrog came hopping by and saw the lovely girl.
"She would make just the wife for my son," thought the frog.
So she snatched up Thumbelina and hopped back to her home in the muddy bank of a brook. She put the sleeping Thumbelina on a water lily leaf.
In the morning, when poor Thumbelina woke up and saw where she was, she cried most bitterly: The big green leaf had water all around it, so she could not possibly escape.
The little fishes that swam in the water below heard Thumbelina crying, and had to see her, so they poked their heads out of the water.
When they saw Thumbelina they could not bear to think that she had to marry the ugly Frog, so they gnawed through the root of the leaf with their teeth.
Then, with Thumbelina on it, the leaf floated down the brook far from the toad and her son.
After some time the leaf came to rest against a tree root in a strange forest world.
All through the summer she lived quite alone in that enormous wood.
From patches of moss and a giant wild rose petal she made her bed. For food she mixed flower nectar and sap from trees, and her drink was water from a spring not far by. Above her bed was a tall and broad rhubarb leaf so she was sheltered from the rain, and so she survived the summer and fall.
But then came winter. The harsh, cruel winter.
The leaf under which she had found shelter shriveled up, and all the birds that had given her entertainment flew away.
She looked around, trying to find something that might give her some warmth, but she found nothing, so she began to freeze. She was wandering and half dead when she came to a little door. Hoping that someone was home, she knocked.
A field mouse answered. Thumbelina asked if she could come in and maybe have a bite to eat. The field mouse had immediately taken pity on the poor girl and decided that she should stay, so she answered "Of course. As a matter of fact, why don't you stay with me for the winter, and help me keep house and tell me stories."
So that is where Thumbelina stayed for the winter. The field mouse, whose name happened to be Ranita, often had her neighbor visit.
Ranita said "He has such a lovely blue velvet coat, that if only he were the right husband you would be well of. But, alas, he isn't the proper husband, for you is he?"
Thumbelina shook her head no, and the field mouse said "I thought not. Now it's your bed time. Off you go." so the winter passed.
When spring came, Thumbelina enjoyed running through the field, and often wandered to the edge of the forest to pick a flower.
She and Ranita enjoyed many nights and days together spinning silk from spider webs and collecting flowers for nectar, but one day the Ranita took Thumbelina by surprise.
"You should not stay with me much longer. I am getting older, and I would not burden you with the care of an old field mouse. If only you could get a husband…"
Thumbelina was shocked
"Oh Ranita, taking care of you would never be a burden! It would hardly repay my debt to you for letting me stay here through the winter!" She exclaimed.
Ranita knew this was true, but she still was persistent.
"No child, there is a land filled with flowers and butterflies as large as sparrows, where it is always warm. In that land live the flower sprites, and I have decided that you will go there and live and be happy."
Thumbelina was heartbroken. I will not go, she thought. I will not leave my dear Ranita!
But, it would not have mattered. For the field mouse grew ill one day, and died a few weeks later. But before she passed, she whispered these words to Thumbelina: "Take the whistle that lies on the storeroom wall. Blow into it, and a raven will come to take you to warm lands. Mind that you where your blue silk dress, so that you look your best when you meet the flower sprites… I love you Thumbelina."
At this, Ranita closed her eyes and opened them no more. She was buried in a clearing in the woods.
When she finally stood alone in Ranita's burrow, Thumbelina wept. But she did not forget the dear field mouse's last words.
She did as she had been told, and put on her best, blue-spider-silk dress. She styled her hair in a beautiful centipede braid, and crept to the store room. There on the wall was an ivory whistle.
She stood outside and blew it, lightly at first then stronger. At once, a beautiful raven with wings black as ink appeared. He spoke in a very soft, sweet voice.
"I am sorry that the field mouse is gone, but come with me to the warm countries, where there is food aplenty, and the sun always shines."
Thumbelina took one last look at the small burrow that had become her home, then climbed on the ravens back. He bid her not be afraid to hold on to his feathers, but she needn't do so, so smooth was his flying.
They flew on and on, and stopped only to eat and drink. For many days they traveled, and the sun got brighter and warmer the farther they went.
Then one day, the raven glided down to an ancient marble palace that was covered with large, star-shaped, flowers. He landed on the steps and suggested that Thumbelina explore her new home. Then he left her and flew to his own nest, high in the ancient pillars.
She climbed to one of the flowers, intrigued by their unnatural beauty, and lie down to sleep for a bit in the warm sun.
When she awoke, she was surrounded by men and women of her own size! She was so surprised that at first she could not find the words to speak. Just then the king of the sprites asked her where her wings were, for she was certainly a sprite like them. When she found her voice, she said: "I have never had wings."
The king was astonished at this. "But certainly you must desire them?" He asked her.
Thumbelina agreed, and was granted beautiful wings that much resembled a large dragonfly's.
She became friends with all of the sprites, including the prince, and they spent much of their time gardening.
One day, the prince asked Thumbelina if she would be his wife, and she happily agreed. That day she changed her name to Alatum Filia Reginae, meaning "Winged Princess."
They were soon married, and because sprites are immortal, they still live today, in that beautiful warm country, happily ever after.

