iT was lovely summer weather in the country, and the golden corn, the green oats, and the haystacks piled up in the meadows looked beautiful. The stork walking about on his long red legs chattered in the Egyptian language, which he had learnt from his mother. The corn-fields and meadows were surrounded by large forests, in the midst of which were deep pools. It was, indeed, delightful to walk about in the country. In a sunny spot stood a pleasant old farm-house close by a deep river, and from the house down to the water side grew great burdock leaves, so high, that under the tallest of them a little child could stand upright. The spot was as wild as the centre of a thick wood. In this snug retreat sat a duck on her nest, watching for her young brood to hatch; she was beginning to get tired of her task, for the little ones were a long time coming out of their shells, and she seldom had any visitors. The other ducks liked much better to swim about in the river than to climb the slippery banks, and sit under a burdock leaf, to have a gossip with her. At length one shell cracked, and then another, and from each egg came a living creature that lifted its head and cried,  Peep, peep.   Quack, quack,  said the mother, and then they all quacked as well as they could, and looked about them on every side at the large green leaves. Their mother allowed them to look as much as they liked, because green is good for the eyes.  How large the world is,  said the young ducks, when they found how much more room they now had than while they were inside the egg-shell.  Do you imagine this is the whole world?  asked the mother;  Wait till you have seen the garden; it stretches far beyond that to the parson s field, but I have never ventured to such a distance. Are you all out?  she continued, rising;  No, I declare, the largest egg lies there still. I wonder how long this is to last, I am quite tired of it;  and she seated herself again on the nest.

 Well, how are you getting on?  asked an old duck, who paid her a visit.
 One egg is not hatched yet,  said the duck,  it will not break. But just look at all the others, are they not the prettiest little ducklings you ever saw? They are the image of their father, who is so unkind, he never comes to see. 
 Let me see the egg that will not break,  said the duck;  I have no doubt it is a turkey s egg. I was persuaded to hatch some once, and after all my care and trouble with the young ones, they were afraid of the water. I quacked and clucked, but all to no purpose. I could not get them to venture in. Let me look at the egg. Yes, that is a turkey s egg; take my advice, leave it where it is and teach the other children to swim. 
 I think I will sit on it a little while longer,  said the duck;  as I have sat so long already, a few days will be nothing. 
 Please yourself,  said the old duck, and she went away.
At last the large egg broke, and a young one crept forth crying,  Peep, peep.  It was very large and ugly. The duck stared at it and exclaimed,  It is very large and not at all like the others. I wonder if it really is a turkey. We shall soon find it out, however when we go to the water. It must go in, if I have to push it myself. 
On the next day the weather was delightful, and the sun shone brightly on the green burdock leaves, so the mother duck took her young brood down to the water, and jumped in with a splash.  Quack, quack,  cried she, and one after another the little ducklings jumped in. The water closed over their heads, but they came up again in an instant, and swam about quite prettily with their legs paddling under them as easily as possible, and the ugly duckling was also in the water swimming with them.
 Oh,  said the mother,  that is not a turkey; how well he uses his legs, and how upright he holds himself! He is my own child, and he is not so very ugly after all if you look at him properly. Quack, quack! come with me now, I will take you into grand society, and introduce you to the farmyard, but you must keep close to me or you may be trodden upon; and, above all, beware of the cat. 
When they reached the farmyard, there was a great disturbance, two families were fighting for an eel s head, which, after all, was carried off by the cat.  See, children, that is the way of the world,  said the mother duck, whetting her beak, for she would have liked the eel s head herself.  Come, now, use your legs, and let me see how well you can behave. You must bow your heads prettily to that old duck yonder; she is the highest born of them all, and has Spanish blood, therefore, she is well off. Don t you see she has a red flag tied to her leg, which is something very grand, and a great honor for a duck; it shows that every one is anxious not to lose her, as she can be recognized both by man and beast. Come, now, don t turn your toes, a well-bred duckling spreads his feet wide apart, just like his father and mother, in this way; now bend your neck, and say  quack.  
The ducklings did as they were bid, but the other duck stared, and said,  Look, here comes another brood, as if there were not enough of us already! and what a queer looking object one of them is; we don t want him here,  and then one flew out and bit him in the neck.
 Let him alone,  said the mother;  he is not doing any harm. 
 Yes, but he is so big and ugly,  said the spiteful duck  and therefore he must be turned out. 
 The others are very pretty children,  said the old duck, with the rag on her leg,  all but that one; I wish his mother could improve him a little. 
 That is impossible, your grace,  replied the mother;  he is not pretty; but he has a very good disposition, and swims as well or even better than the others. I think he will grow up pretty, and perhaps be smaller; he has remained too long in the egg, and therefore his figure is not properly formed;  and then she stroked his neck and smoothed the feathers, saying,  It is a drake, and therefore not of so much consequence. I think he will grow up strong, and able to take care of himself. 
 The other ducklings are graceful enough,  said the old duck.  Now make yourself at home, and if you can find an eel s head, you can bring it to me. 
And so they made themselves comfortable; but the poor duckling, who had crept out of his shell last of all, and looked so ugly, was bitten and pushed and made fun of, not only by the ducks, but by all the poultry.  He is too big,  they all said, and the turkey cock, who had been born into the world with spurs, and fancied himself really an emperor, puffed himself out like a vessel in full sail, and flew at the duckling, and became quite red in the head with passion, so that the poor little thing did not know where to go, and was quite miserable because he was so ugly and laughed at by the whole farmyard. So it went on from day to day till it got worse and worse. The poor duckling was driven about by every one; even his brothers and sisters were unkind to him, and would say,  Ah, you ugly creature, I wish the cat would get you,  and his mother said she wished he had never been born. The ducks pecked him, the chickens beat him, and the girl who fed the poultry kicked him with her feet. So at last he ran away, frightening the little birds in the hedge as he flew over the palings.
 They are afraid of me because I am ugly,  he said. So he closed his eyes, and flew still farther, until he came out on a large moor, inhabited by wild ducks. Here he remained the whole night, feeling very tired and sorrowful.
In the morning, when the wild ducks rose in the air, they stared at their new comrade.  What sort of a duck are you?  they all said, coming round him.
He bowed to them, and was as polite as he could be, but he did not reply to their question.  You are exceedingly ugly,  said the wild ducks,  but that will not matter if you do not want to marry one of our family. 
Poor thing! he had no thoughts of marriage; all he wanted was permission to lie among the rushes, and drink some of the water on the moor. After he had been on the moor two days, there came two wild geese, or rather goslings, for they had not been out of the egg long, and were very saucy.  Listen, friend,  said one of them to the duckling,  you are so ugly, that we like you very well. Will you go with us, and become a bird of passage? Not far from here is another moor, in which there are some pretty wild geese, all unmarried. It is a chance for you to get a wife; you may be lucky, ugly as you are. 
 Pop, pop,  sounded in the air, and the two wild geese fell dead among the rushes, and the water was tinged with blood.  Pop, pop,  echoed far and wide in the distance, and whole flocks of wild geese rose up from the rushes. The sound continued from every direction, for the sportsmen surrounded the moor, and some were even seated on branches of trees, overlooking the rushes. The blue smoke from the guns rose like clouds over the dark trees, and as it floated away across the water, a number of sporting dogs bounded in among the rushes, which bent beneath them wherever they went. How they terrified the poor duckling! He turned away his head to hide it under his wing, and at the same moment a large terrible dog passed quite near him. His jaws were open, his tongue hung from his mouth, and his eyes glared fearfully. He thrust his nose close to the duckling, showing his sharp teeth, and then,  splash, splash,  he went into the water without touching him,  Oh,  sighed the duckling,  how thankful I am for being so ugly; even a dog will not bite me.  And so he lay quite still, while the shot rattled through the rushes, and gun after gun was fired over him. It was late in the day before all became quiet, but even then the poor young thing did not dare to move. He waited quietly for several hours, and then, after looking carefully around him, hastened away from the moor as fast as he could. He ran over field and meadow till a storm arose, and he could hardly struggle against it. Towards evening, he reached a poor little cottage that seemed ready to fall, and only remained standing because it could not decide on which side to fall first. The storm continued so violent, that the duckling could go no farther; he sat down by the cottage, and then he noticed that the door was not quite closed in consequence of one of the hinges having given way. There was therefore a narrow opening near the bottom large enough for him to slip through, which he did very quietly, and got a shelter for the night. A woman, a tom cat, and a hen lived in this cottage. The tom cat, whom the mistress called,  My little son,  was a great favorite; he could raise his back, and purr, and could even throw out sparks from his fur if it were stroked the wrong way. The hen had very short legs, so she was called  Chickie short legs.  She laid good eggs, and her mistress loved her as if she had been her own child. In the morning, the strange visitor was discovered, and the tom cat began to purr, and the hen to cluck.

 What is that noise about?  said the old woman, looking round the room, but her sight was not very good; therefore, when she saw the duckling she thought it must be a fat duck, that had strayed from home.  Oh what a prize!  she exclaimed,  I hope it is not a drake, for then I shall have some duck s eggs. I must wait and see.  So the duckling was allowed to remain on trial for three weeks, but there were no eggs. Now the tom cat was the master of the house, and the hen was mistress, and they always said,  We and the world,  for they believed themselves to be half the world, and the better half too. The duckling thought that others might hold a different opinion on the subject, but the hen would not listen to such doubts.  Can you lay eggs?  she asked.  No.   Then have the goodness to hold your tongue.   Can you raise your back, or purr, or throw out sparks?  said the tom cat.  No.   Then you have no right to express an opinion when sensible people are speaking.  So the duckling sat in a corner, feeling very low spirited, till the sunshine and the fresh air came into the room through the open door, and then he began to feel such a great longing for a swim on the water, that he could not help telling the hen.
 What an absurd idea,  said the hen.  You have nothing else to do, therefore you have foolish fancies. If you could purr or lay eggs, they would pass away. 
 But it is so delightful to swim about on the water,  said the duckling,  and so refreshing to feel it close over your head, while you dive down to the bottom. 
 Delightful, indeed!  said the hen,  why you must be crazy! Ask the cat, he is the cleverest animal I know, ask him how he would like to swim about on the water, or to dive under it, for I will not speak of my own opinion; ask our mistress, the old woman there is no one in the world more clever than she is. Do you think she would like to swim, or to let the water close over her head? 
 You don t understand me,  said the duckling.
 We don t understand you? Who can understand you, I wonder? Do you consider yourself more clever than the cat, or the old woman? I will say nothing of myself. Don t imagine such nonsense, child, and thank your good fortune that you have been received here. Are you not in a warm room, and in society from which you may learn something. But you are a chatterer, and your company is not very agreeable. Believe me, I speak only for your own good. I may tell you unpleasant truths, but that is a proof of my friendship. I advise you, therefore, to lay eggs, and learn to purr as quickly as possible. 
 I believe I must go out into the world again,  said the duckling.
 Yes, do,  said the hen. So the duckling left the cottage, and soon found water on which it could swim and dive, but was avoided by all other animals, because of its ugly appearance. Autumn came, and the leaves in the forest turned to orange and gold. then, as winter approached, the wind caught them as they fell and whirled them in the cold air. The clouds, heavy with hail and snow-flakes, hung low in the sky, and the raven stood on the ferns crying,  Croak, croak.  It made one shiver with cold to look at him. All this was very sad for the poor little duckling. One evening, just as the sun set amid radiant clouds, there came a large flock of beautiful birds out of the bushes. The duckling had never seen any like them before. They were swans, and they curved their graceful necks, while their soft plumage shown with dazzling whiteness. They uttered a singular cry, as they spread their glorious wings and flew away from those cold regions to warmer countries across the sea. As they mounted higher and higher in the air, the ugly little duckling felt quite a strange sensation as he watched them. He whirled himself in the water like a wheel, stretched out his neck towards them, and uttered a cry so strange that it frightened himself. Could he ever forget those beautiful, happy birds; and when at last they were out of his sight, he dived under the water, and rose again almost beside himself with excitement. He knew not the names of these birds, nor where they had flown, but he felt towards them as he had never felt for any other bird in the world. He was not envious of these beautiful creatures, but wished to be as lovely as they. Poor ugly creature, how gladly he would have lived even with the ducks had they only given him encouragement. The winter grew colder and colder; he was obliged to swim about on the water to keep it from freezing, but every night the space on which he swam became smaller and smaller. At length it froze so hard that the ice in the water crackled as he moved, and the duckling had to paddle with his legs as well as he could, to keep the space from closing up. He became exhausted at last, and lay still and helpless, frozen fast in the ice.
Early in the morning, a peasant, who was passing by, saw what had happened. He broke the ice in pieces with his wooden shoe, and carried the duckling home to his wife. The warmth revived the poor little creature; but when the children wanted to play with him, the duckling thought they would do him some harm; so he started up in terror, fluttered into the milk-pan, and splashed the milk about the room. Then the woman clapped her hands, which frightened him still more. He flew first into the butter-cask, then into the meal-tub, and out again. What a condition he was in! The woman screamed, and struck at him with the tongs; the children laughed and screamed, and tumbled over each other, in their efforts to catch him; but luckily he escaped. The door stood open; the poor creature could just manage to slip out among the bushes, and lie down quite exhausted in the newly fallen snow.
It would be very sad, were I to relate all the misery and privations which the poor little duckling endured during the hard winter; but when it had passed, he found himself lying one morning in a moor, amongst the rushes. He felt the warm sun shining, and heard the lark singing, and saw that all around was beautiful spring. Then the young bird felt that his wings were strong, as he flapped them against his sides, and rose high into the air. They bore him onwards, until he found himself in a large garden, before he well knew how it had happened. The apple-trees were in full blossom, and the fragrant elders bent their long green branches down to the stream which wound round a smooth lawn. Everything looked beautiful, in the freshness of early spring. From a thicket close by came three beautiful white swans, rustling their feathers, and swimming lightly over the smooth water. The duckling remembered the lovely birds, and felt more strangely unhappy than ever.
 I will fly to those royal birds,  he exclaimed,  and they will kill me, because I am so ugly, and dare to approach them; but it does not matter: better be killed by them than pecked by the ducks, beaten by the hens, pushed about by the maiden who feeds the poultry, or starved with hunger in the winter. 
Then he flew to the water, and swam towards the beautiful swans. The moment they espied the stranger, they rushed to meet him with outstretched wings.
 Kill me,  said the poor bird; and he bent his head down to the surface of the water, and awaited death.
But what did he see in the clear stream below? His own image; no longer a dark, gray bird, ugly and disagreeable to look at, but a graceful and beautiful swan. To be born in a duck s nest, in a farmyard, is of no consequence to a bird, if it is hatched from a swan s egg. He now felt glad at having suffered sorrow and trouble, because it enabled him to enjoy so much better all the pleasure and happiness around him; for the great swans swam round the new-comer, and stroked his neck with their beaks, as a welcome.

Into the garden presently came some little children, and threw bread and cake into the water.
 See,  cried the youngest,  there is a new one;  and the rest were delighted, and ran to their father and mother, dancing and clapping their hands, and shouting joyously,  There is another swan come; a new one has arrived. 
Then they threw more bread and cake into the water, and said,  The new one is the most beautiful of all; he is so young and pretty.  And the old swans bowed their heads before him.
Then he felt quite ashamed, and hid his head under his wing; for he did not know what to do, he was so happy, and yet not at all proud. He had been persecuted and despised for his ugliness, and now he heard them say he was the most beautiful of all the birds. Even the elder-tree bent down its bows into the water before him, and the sun shone warm and bright. Then he rustled his feathers, curved his slender neck, and cried joyfully, from the depths of his heart,  I never dreamed of such happiness as this, while I was an ugly duckling. 

<\tphyldoc>

Every since I was born everyone always told me I was ugly. I believed them without a doubt and hid my face behind a mask. I never ever wanted to look at my face. I always saw it as ugly the moment I looked at it. That is what I believed from young. My mother was a beautiful lady who married a rich guy but then he divorced her and left her. I was the only thing left of that marriage. She told me people hated me because I am beautiful but I never believed it. As much as I wanted to believe her I saw myself similar to the ugly duckling. No one ever told me I was beautiful, other than my mother, just harsh insults. I hid myself from the world with a tough personality to show their words had no effect on me but they did. Everyone in the village hated my mother and I. My mother called it envy. Envy for what she had before but they did not. Growing up in school was hard. I was an outcast. No one wanted to be my friend. Somehow I got through the years and now I'm graduating. My mother forced me to go to the after party even though I pleaded I didn't want too. I enter the room and already people stared me down. I kept my mask on. Not wanting to feel their stares I hid in the back of the room. This isn't fun. Hours passed and no one spoke to me. I was really to leave when I spotted the most popular guy heading my way. He's coming to laugh at me. "Hi,"He said so gently. I don't answer him. "Why are you alone?" He questioned on but I still didn't answer. "My name is Takumi Usui.  "Why are you talking to me?" I asked him puzzled. "Hmm..Because you seem interesting an-  "You heard I'm ugly and you came to make fun of me?" I almost wanted to yell it out. He stares at my mask. "No and who says you're ugly?  "Everyone," I whispered. "I'll be the judge of that," He takes my mask and lifted it off my face. I waited for his reply until ... "God damn you're ugly. Do people really let you walk among others?  "What?" I yelled. A few seconds later "I'm just kidding," He chuckled. He dropped my mask to the floor. "You are beautiful.  I knew he wasn't lying because it sounded so sincere. "Do you want to dance?" He asked me holding out his hand.  Yes." I had a feeling this ugly duckling just became a swan.

<\tphyldoc>

It was a warm spring day. The hay field shone a beautiful gold, a cool breeze bristling through the pine trees and reeds beside the river. Not too far away from the river sat an old farm house with splintering wood and a red corrugated iron roof. Ducks swam around the river, teaching their newly hatched how to swim. One mother duck was sitting under an oak tree, watching his eggs cautiously. One shell cracked open, and then another. Soon enough all the shells cracked open and a 'peep peep' came from those inside. The mother smiled, quacking in return. But one egg did not hatch. "How is it going, Ivan aru?" An old duck asked, waddling over to the mother. "Ah, Yao. One egg has not hatched yet." He responded, sighing softly. "Let me see the egg that won't hatch." Yao demanded. "I have no doubt that it is a turkey's egg. I was made to raise one once, you know. You can't get them to swim. They are absolutely afraid of the water aru." He finally reached the egg, looking at it. "Yes, that is a turkey's egg. Take my advice and leave it where it is and teach the children to swim, aru.  "I think I'll sit on it longer," Ivan said; "as I have sat so long on it already, a few days will be nothing, da?" He said. "Suit yourself, aru." The older duck said, waddling away again. At last the last egg broke and a young one came out crying 'Peep peep." It was very large and ugly. The mother duck stared at it and thought;  it is very large and not at all like the others. I wonder if it really is a turkey. We shall soon find out when I go to teach the children to swim.  The next day the weather was delightful, the sun shining on the bright green trees. The mother duck took his young brood down to the water and jumped in with a splash. He cried for the others to follow and one by one the little ducklings jumped in. The water closed over their little heads but they came up again almost immediatly and swam about quite beautifully with their legs paddling under them. The ugly duckling was also in the water, swimming with them. The mother looked at him.  That is not a turkey. Look at how he uses his legs and how upright he holds himself! He is my own child, da? And he is not very ugly if you look at him properly.  He thought. When evening came, the mother took his ducklings back to the oak tree, letting them sleep while she chatted with her friends. They all settled down, but the poor duckling which had hatched last was bitten and pushed away. "He's too big." One of the ducklings known as Natalia cried. The poor little thing did not know where to go, and was quite miserable because he was so ugly and laughed at by the whole farmyard. So it went on from day to day till it got worse and worse. The poor duckling was driven about by every one; mainly his brothers and sisters would say, "Ah, you ugly creature, I wish the cat would get you," and his mother said she wished he had never been born, she hadn't even given him a name. The ducks pecked him, the chickens beat him, and the girl who fed the poultry kicked him with her feet. So at last he ran away, frightening the little birds in the hedge as he flew over the palings. "They're afraid of me because I'm ugly..." He whispered, closing his eyes. He flew off again until he came to a marsh, landing in the middle and weeping. Above him was a loud honking and he looked up, seeing geese fly above him. There was a loud bang, followed by another as the geese began to drop out of the sky. The poor duckling was scared! He went to hid his head under his wing when a big mean looking dog passed him. His jaws were open, his tongue hung from his mouth, and his eyes glared intensely. His nose came close to the duck but soon enough, the dog disappeared into the marsh. "Oh," Sighed the duckling, "how thankful I am for being ugly; not even a dog will bite me." And so he lay their quietly as shot after shot echoed through the marsh and gun after gun shot went over him. It was late in the day before everything became quiet but even then the duckling was too scared to move. After several hours, he dared to leave the marsh. He ran over field and meadow until a storm arose and he could not struggle against it. He stopped at the foot of a tree for the night, the wind howling and whistling through the branches. The cold winter he spent at a farm until he was chased away by the woman who lives there. When spring arrived, he continued his journey. He came to a lake, beautiful golden flowers amongst the crisp green grass blowing gently. The warm sun shone on his matted grey feathers. What a condition he was in! He saw two beautiful birds with pure white feathers and elegant long necks which towered up before arching down. They rustled their feathers, swimming gracefully over the water. I will fly to those royal birds,  he thought,  and they will kill me, because I am so ugly, and dare to approach them; but it does not matter. It's better be killed by them than pecked by the ducks, beaten by the hens, pushed about by the maiden who feeds the poultry, or starved with hunger in the winter.  Then he flew to the water and swam towards the swans. The moment they saw the stranger, they rushed to meet him with outstretched wings. "Kill me," Said the poor bird, bending his neck down to the surface of the water and awaiting death. But what did he see in the clear water below him? His own image; no longer an ugly, dark gray bird, but a graceful and beautiful swan. He now felt glad having suffered sorrow because it enabled him to enjoy so much better all the beauty around him. The great swans swam around the new comer and stroked his neck with their beaks as a welcome. Some children came to the lake and threw bread and cake into the water. "See," cried the youngest, "there is a new one!" They were all delighted, running to their mother and father, dancing and clapping joyously. "There is another swan!" They continued to through cake and bread into the water and said, "The new one is the most beautiful of them all; he is so young and pretty." And all the swans bowed their heads before him. He felt embarressed, not knowing what to do. He was happy and yet not at all proud. He had been bullied and beaten for his ugliness, and know he heard them say he was the most beautiful of all birds. Then he rustled his feathers, curved his elegant neck and cried joyfully from the depths of his heart. "I never dreamed of such happiness while I was an ugly duckling! Kesesese. 

<\tphyldoc>


"And the ugly duckling peered at his reflection in the still, clear water and realized he was no longer the little ugly duckling he had started as. He'd turned into the most beautiful swan in the pond," she ended the tale with triumph. It had been her first full story she'd ever read on her own. "Yes, my love. And the duckling, when he realized how beautiful he was, went to join the other swans in all their friendship, and forgave everyone who had ever called him ugly," Agatha grinned down at her dear daughter as she tickled her sides. The little one laughed and squealed her delight, squirming away from her mother's mirthful hands. Every day he watched them. Always watching, waiting, and hoping. He wanted to be a part of the joy they shared in the little cottage. Both Felix and Agatha had married; Felix to Safie, and Agatha to a newer suitor named Percival. It had been long years since he'd begun watching. There had been trials and tribulations, but also much happiness in the cottagers little cabin. Oh, how he longed to be in their midst. After they had settled down from their impromptu tickle-war, the little girl Sophie peered towards the clouds in a thoughtful manner. "Mama, why did the other ducks not like the Ugly Duckling?  Her mother smiled at her inquisitive child. "Because, my child, they could not see past his awfully disfigured appearance long enough to know what a wonderful creature he was on the inside.  He thought about that. Was this why people hated him so? Perhaps they simply could not overlook his grotesque exterior. Perhaps they simply needed time to see his gentle inner self. His musings were cut short by Sophie's second question. "And why did he forgive all those who had been so cruel to him?  "Because that's the right thing to do. It's not right to hold grudges against those who sin against us. God wants us to forgive them, and love them no matter what they do to us," her mother replied without hesitation, obviously having seen the direction the conversation was taking. This gave him even more to think about. He had read his father's journal, and seen himself the sin that had created him. But, perhaps he should forget that: simply be happy to be alive. He smiled for a moment, feeling peaceful as he listened to the two women chatter happily, their conversation turning away from the child's tale to the small rabbit that hopped across the field they were sitting in. The creature's mind still lingered in the story. Would it be so hard to forgive Victor for creating him? After all, hadn't Adam had no say about how he was created? Yet he never complained or cursed his Creator. Not even when he was cast from the Garden. So, perhaps he was wrong to blame his father for his troubles. Soon after the two had made their way back into the house, night fell and the creature fell into the most peaceful sleep he had experienced in a long while. He awoke to cheerful sun and birds chirping their lovely songs that he so enjoyed. Spring had long since become his favorite season, for it was a beginning; a new start. His mind wandered for a while on the possibility the story of the Ugly Duckling presented. Perhaps, in the time he'd spent outdoors and in the sun, his features had grown less ugly. Perhaps he could become a swan too, like the little Duckling. Beautiful, strong, loved by everyone. He didn't see why not. The two married couples were away for the moment. They had gone out to the market to buy food, and wouldn't be back until nightfall. They had left Sophie and the senior De Lacey at home, and the blind man's violin echoed throughout the clearing. Sophie was near the pond, counting ducks and their offspring, stumbling over the numbers and losing count often. Suddenly, the urge to make himself known to the little one was overwhelming. Why would she not see past his horrid appearance? Had she not been indignant when the elder ducks had pecked at the Ugly Duckling for his hideousness? Surely the same rules applied here. And anyways, perhaps (like he hoped) his appearance had changed. He had to know, either way. He slowly crept from his hiding place, and walked towards the pond with unsure, halting steps. Carefully he approached the water, leaned over, and looked towards his reflection. Disappointment was the prevailing emotion. His appearance had not changed. He was still ugly, grotesque, horrifying, inhuman. The little girl had noticed his reflection as well, and she squinted at it, and slowly turned to its owner. The creature sucked in a sharp breath; this was it. "Hello," she said in a kindly manner. He hadn't realized he'd been holding his breath until it all rushed from his lungs in one go. She hadn't screamed, that was a good sign. "Hello, Sophie," he said back, smiling gently at her. She smiled back, and looked back to the ducks and ducklings. "Sir, how many ducks are there? I keep losing track of them all.  He laughed. His hoarse voice sounded odd in the expression, but Sophie didn't seem to mind. He quickly counted them all and replied, "There are six ducks, twelve ducklings, and one swan.  He could see the little girl's cheeks lift into a smile, and she asked, "Do you think the swan was once ugly?  He was taken by surprise that she was thinking the same question as him. "I don't know. I suppose it's possible. It's hard to believe something so ugly could turn into something so beautiful.  She frowned, a little miffed. "It's not that hard to believe," she stated firmly. "I'm sure it's always been beautiful on the inside, at least." She looked at him then, soft light in her eyes. "Like you, maybe.  Tears came to the creature's eyes. She was so straightforward in her sweet, encouraging words. "Perhaps, Sophie.  When he was later torn from this moment of joy, as the hands of cruel, unseeing Fate pulled it away without remorse, he still remembered. He remembered that one moment when Sophie had turned to him and smiled, her child-innocence enough to see past his ugliness into his soul. His soul would forever be tainted with blood after he claimed William's life, but he remained human, if only thanks to Sophie's words. "It's not that hard to believe," she'd said, and he knew it was true. When all humanity failed him, still he knew that when life faded from his being, he would believe that perhaps there was meager hope. Hope that was fragile, but impossible to kill. He would hope for love, as long as love existed.

<\tphyldoc>

It was a beautiful day in the month of May, all birds laid their eggs and so did mother duck. She had laid seven eggs. Out of the blue a UFO appeared, mother duck had never seen such a thing and thought it was a meteorite. She had seen a program about that on the Discovery Channel. She ran away from her nest to seek safety. Suddenly the UFO hovered above the nest, a glistening ray of light shone from under the UFO into the nest. Down the ray descended a green egg with yellow dots, red circles and blue specks. It landed in the nest and the UFO disappeared again. Mother duck returned to the nest but didn't notice that there were now eight eggs in the nest, one of them being green with yellow dots, red circles and blue squares. She was getting a little demented. And so it happened that mother duck incubated all eight eggs, including the green egg with yellow dots, red circles and blue triangles. After a couple of days all the eggs hatched, the seven normal duck eggs and the UFO-egg that was green with yellow dots, red circles and blue harts. Out of the normal duck eggs seven adorable ducklings were born (do'h). And out of the UFO-egg came a ugly UFO-ling (a.k.a. alien). And it WAS a very ugly little alien. He has a weird pointy nose, and a weird hairdo, it stood straight up and he had a very receding hairline, causing him to have a 'widow's peak'. He had no feathers, but instead of that he has a strange hard skin. It was mostly white with some yellow. He also had two weird wing-like things. From under those things two weird blue appendages stuck out of his body. Instead of yellow legs his legs were blue and he had white feet.  But mother duck just had a birthday party and she got a fairytale book of the Grill brothers. In the fairytale book was a fairytale about a mother duck having a very ugly child. And this situation was so exactly the same mother duck thought her ugly little duckling would grow up to be very handsome. But for now the alien had to be ugly. It was time to name all of her children; Gabbel, Gebbel, Gubbel, Gibbel, Gybbel, Gobbel and Bud. She named the alien Bjuuwty (like I said before she's getting a little demented, and her English isn't all to well anymore), because she hoped he would be one day. One day mother duck decided it was time for her children to learned how to swim and she took Gabbel, Gebbel, Gubbel, Gibbel, Gybbel, Gobbel, Bud and Bjuuwty to the pond.  "C'mon Gabbel, Gebbel, Gubbel, Gibbel, Gybbel, Gobbel, Bud and Bjuuwty, plunge in!" she encouraged her children. Gabbel, Gebbel, Gubbel, Gibbel, Gybbel, Gobbel and Bud dove in, but Bjuuwty had his doubts, and wouldn't jump in.  "Bjuuwty get into the pond right now, or no supper for you tonight" threatened mother duck her ugly child. She discovered Bjuuwty had an amazing appetite, and would do anything for food. Bjuuwty considered the offer and jumped in. But the weird feathers were to heavy for him to swim with and he sank to the bottom of the pond. On his way down there he met a scary looking fish. "Arg! a fish!" screamed Bjuuwty. "Is it a crime to be a fish nowadays?" said the fish insulted. "No of course not," apologized Bjuuwty. "You just startled me a bit.  "Oh, Okay," said the fish.  Bye." "Bye," said Bjuuwty polite. Suddenly he realized he couldn't breathe under water he swallowed a whole lot of water and drowned. And perhaps Bjuuwty still lies on the bottom of the pond, maybe it's your pond!

<\tphyldoc>

He was born a Prince... but was half-Human. It was not until his father died that he realised that he was an ugly duckling.
His brothers did not seem to care. His mother however had much confidence within him. His teacher taught him to master the sword... his peers wished to know him but he was still wary... still frightened of being hurt... still very much a small ugly duckling... Many would admit though, he was better than his brothers with the art of the sword. Just as the ugly duckling swam better than his brothers and sisters. Julia Von Wincott and Yosak Gurrier, like his mother, believed there is beauty within him. He smiles now, but he was still the half-breed everyone knew. He was still the ugly duckling of his mother's children. But the new king, his Godson did not think so. Dai Shimarron was cold and cruel as winter. He sees himself a traitor; soul, tainted and ugly. He was asked to be killed, just like the Ugly Duckling... but as he heard the voice of his family, telling him to not die  He tried to run but his king wanted him home. It was then he saw... his family... and his friends believed in him all the while... and had not really cared about his ugliness in the first place. To them, he was beautiful. "What are you doing Conrad?" his brother called from the courtyard of the Shrine, "Come on out!" The sun shone as he came to welcome home his king, his godson... and he became what he truly was  He became a swan.